yo Star Home Health Care Inc OASIS 2415 E CAMELBACK RD STE 700706 PHOENIX AZ 85016 Phone: (480)931-6009 Fax: NPI: 1326705476 STAFF INFO OASIS Assessment: OASIS E1- PT START OF CARE Name: Chua, Sean PT Patient INFO Name: FICZERI, JULIANNE DOB: 1957-10-22 ADMINISTRATIVE INFORMATION (M0010) Agency Medicare Provider Number (M0014) Branch State 037834 Branch State: Arizona (M0016) Branch ID Number (M0018) Attending Physician (NPI) (M0020) Patient ID number 1184666216 125 Physician: (M0030) Start of Care Date HATFIELD, STEPHEN 03/13/2026 Adddress: 4850 E BASELINE RD MESA AZ 85206 (M0032) Resumption of Care Date Not Applicable mm/dd/yyyy Not Applicable (M0040) Patient Name First Name: Middle Name: Last Name: Suffix: JULIANNE FICZERI (M0050) Patient State of Residence (M0060) Patient Zip Code State of Residence: Arizona 85120 (M0063) Medicare Number (M0064) Social Security Number 9JF2EM3YA13 Not Applicable Not Applicable (M0065) Medicaid Number Not Applicable (M0066) Birth Date * (M0069) Gender * 10/22/1957 Gender: Female (M0080) Discipline Completing Assessment (M0090) Date Assessment Completed: 1. RN 2. PT 3. SLP/ST 4. oT 03/13/2026 Assigned Staff: Chua, Sean PT (M0100) Assessment Reason 1. Start of Care (A1005) Ethnicity Are you of Hispanic, Latino/a, or Spanish origin? Check all that apply A. No, not of Hispanic, Latino/a, or Spanish origin E. Yes, Another Hispanic, Latino, or Spanish origin B. Yes, Mexican, Mexican American, Chicano/a X. Patient unable to respond C. Yes, Puerto Rican Y. Patient declines to respond D. Yes, Cuban (A1010) Race What is your race? A. White F. Filipino J. Other Asian N. Other Pacific Islander B. Black or African American G. Japanese K. Native Hawaiian X. Patient unable to respond C. American Indian or Alaska Native H. Korean L. Guamanian or Chamorro Y. Patient declines to respond D. Asian Indian I. Vietnamese M. Samoan Z. None of the above E. Chinese (A1110) Language A.What is your preferred language? B. Do you need or want an interpreter to communicate with a doctor or english health care staff? 0. No 1. Yes 9. Unable to determine (M0102) Date of Physician-ordered Start of Care (Resumption of Care) (M0104) Date of Referral If the physician indicated a specific start of care (resumption of care) date when the Indicate the date that the written or verbal referral for initiation or resumption of care was patient was referred for home health services, record the date specified. received by the HHA: Skip to A1250, Transportation, if date entered: 03/06/2026 mm/dd/yyyy NA No specific SOC/ROC date ordered by physician F_CTL_69ab088a68c4fe9829782daf_0 FICZERI, JULIANNE I 125 I DOB: 10/22/1957 I N: 03/13/2026 1 of 26 (M0150) Current Payment Sources for Home Care: (Mark all that apply.) 0. None; no charge for current services 6. Title programs (for example, Title III, V, or XX) 1. Medicare (Traditional fee-for-service) 7. Other government (for example, TriCare, VA) 2. Medicare (HMO/managed care/Advantage plan) 8. Private insurance 3. Medicaid (Traditional fee-for-service) 9. Private HMO/managed care 4. Medicaid (HMO/managed care) 10. Self-pay 5. Worker's compensation 11. Other (Specify): UK - Unknown (A1250) Transportation Has lack of transportation kept you from medical appointments, meetings, work, or from getting things needed for daily living? A. Yes, it has kept me from medical appointments or from getting my medications B. Yes, it has kept me from non-medical meetings, appointments, work, or from getting things that I need C. No X. Patient unable to respond Y. Patient declines to respond (M1000) Inpatient Facilities that patient was discharged within the past 14 days? (Mark all that apply.) 1. Long-term nursing facility (NF) 5. Inpatient rehabilitation hospital or unit (IRF) 2. Skilled nursing facility (SNF/TCU) 6. Psychiatric hospital or unit 3. Short-stay acute hospital (IPPS) 7. Other (specify): 4. Long-term care hospital (LTCH) NA Patient was not discharged from an inpatient facility [Go to M1021] (M1005) Inpatient Discharge Date (most recent): 03/12/2026 UK - Unknown Primary Reason for Home Health / Medical Necessity Julianne Ficzeri, a 68-year-old female, is being admitted to home health care following her recent right total knee arthroplasty performed on March 12, 2026. Her primary diagnosis is right knee osteoarthritis (ICD10CM - M17.11), and she has a secondary condition of chronic pain related to the pre-operative osteoarthritis. Due to the surgical intervention, she is medically homebound, as leaving the home requires significant effort and assistance, which has been documented in her hospital and clinical visit notes. At present, Julianne's medical status indicates that she experiences severe functional limitations, including the need for an assistive device and assistance from another person to leave her home. These limitations necessitate intermittent skilled nursing care and physical therapy to support her recovery and rehabilitation process. The skilled care required includes skilled nursing interventions such as monitoring her response to infusion therapy, managing vascular access, assessing her pain and incision, and providing education on medication management. Additionally, physical therapy will be essential for her recovery to regain mobility and strength post-surgery. The medical necessity for home health services is underscored by her recent surgical procedure, which requires careful monitoring for complications and assistance with daily activities that she cannot perform independently due to her current condition. The plan of care includes assessments and interventions to ensure proper healing and to prevent complications such as infection or prolonged immobility. Julianne's admission to home health is critical for her recovery, providing her with the necessary skilled nursing and rehabilitative services to achieve optimal outcomes in her post-operative care. Homebound Reason Document as Clinical Narrative Patient is not Homebound Criteria One (One must be met): Describe what assistive devices the patient is dependent on (if any) and specifically why the patient condition warrants the special transportation or the assistance of another person or describe the condition that makes leaving home medically contraindicated. Criteria 1 A: Because of illness or injury Patient needs the aid of supportive devices Crutches Cane Manual Wheel Chair Walker Motorized Wheelchair Scooter Patient Needs the use of special transportation. Patient needs the assistance of another person to leave the place of residence Criteria 1 B: Has a condition such as leaving his or her home is medically contraindicated. Status post surgery Angina upon minimal exertion Immuno deficiency Other Homebound Reason : s/p right total knee arthroplasty Criteria Two (Both must be met) Criteria 2 A: There must be exist a normal inability to leave home. Dyspnea on minimal exertion Bedbound Chair bound Dementia Blindness Angina upon minimal exertion Paralysis Quadprilegic or Paraplegic or Hemiplegia Unable to tolerate standing or walking for extended periods Weakness and pain from recent surgery Experiencing pain impairs/restricts mobility Visually impaired-requires constant attendance/assist Balance impaired with potential for falls; uses walls and furniture to ambulate Cognitively impaired, unable to safely leave home without assist Leaving home is exhausting, extended rest periods to recover Infectious disease process causing weakness and exhaustion F_CTL_69ab088a68c4fe9829782daf_0 FICZERI, JULIANNE I 125 I DOB: 10/22/1957 I N: 03/13/2026 2 of 26 Extended respiratory recovery after exertion Narcotics impaired ability to safely leave home unassisted Requires human assist due to unsteady gait/poor balance Bedbound and requires EMS support Other Homebound Reason : High risks for fall and injuries Criteria 2 B: Leaving home must require a considerable and taxing effort Special transportation Requires assistive device to ambulate Severe pain on ambulation Exhausting to navigate vehicle and require human assist Leaving familiar environment causes fear and confusion Requires assist to manage equipment and public transportation Leaving home is strenous requiring extended rest to recover Needs assistance to handle and transport equipment Fatigue to arrange/use appropriate transportation Activities restricted due to pain limitations Other Homebound Reason : AD Dependent Prognosis 1-Poor 2-Guarded 3-Fair 4-Good 5-Excellent Functional Limitations 1 - Amputation 4 - Hearing 7- Ambulation A Dyspnea with minimal exertion 2- Bowel/Bladder (Incontinence) 5 - Paralysis 8 - Speech 3 - Contracture 6 - Endurance 9 - Legally blind B- Other (Specify) Emergency Preparedness: Discussed the HHA's plans for supporting their patients during a natural or man-made disaster Notified local utility companies and local emergency offices notified of life supporting equipment being used Discussed the development of the patient's individualized emergency preparedness plan of care, including self-care readiness and the procedure to follow up with the HHA in the event services are interrupted Discussed patient specific emergency planning options List of local and state approved evacuation routes and community shelters relevant to the patient's specific geographic location Educational materials provided to suggest/assist with emergency management/decision making priorities Acuity Level: Emergency Triage: Medium Risk or Medium Priority Category 3 - Visit could be postponed 24-48 hours without adverse effects Additional Emergency Preparedness Information Needs assistance during an emergency Contact made with local/state emergency preparedness officials regarding patient in need of help during an evacuation Medical Needs/Equipment (i.e. bedbound, oxygen, vent, IV cardiac meds other DME) Comments: Advance Directives Patient has Advance Directives? Yes No If you have checked "yes", fill the following fields: Healthcare Representative Conservator Assigned Education Needed < < Do Not Resuscitate Organ Donor < > Power of Attorney Funeral Arrangements Made < > Living Will Full Code Education Needed > > The patient has not executed any advance directives to health care. The patient was provided with written and verbal information on advance directives. Comments: Has surrogate? Yes No Surrogate Name: Surrogate Phone: Cultural Primary Language? English Spanish Chinese Vietnamese Other: Is religion important to the patient? Yes No Patient's religious preference: Patient's primary source of emotional support: Past Medical History (Mark all that apply) CHF Cardiomyopathy Arrhythmia Chest Pain MI CAD HTN PVD Murmur Cancer: (Specify Type): In remission? Yes No Osteoathritis/DJD: (Specify site affected): F_CTL_69ab088a68c4fe9829782daf_0 FICZERI, JULIANNE I 125 I DOB: 10/22/1957 I N: 03/13/2026 3 of 26 Joint Replacement: (Specify joint): Rheumatoid Arthritis Gait Problems Fractures Falls CVA TIA MS Hemiplegia Seizures Headaches Dizziness/Vertigo IBS Crohn's Disease Diverticulitis/Diverticulosis Constipation Diarrhea Fecal Incontinence Liver/Gallbladder Problems: (Specify): Depression Anxiety Dementia Substance Abuse: (Specify): Alzheimer's Mental Disorder: (Specify): Pressure Ulcer Stasis Ulcer Diabetic Ulcer Trauma Wound Other (Specify): Chronic Kidney Disease Renal Failure Dialysis Anemia Abnormal Coagulation Blood Clots Diabetes Thyroid Problems COPD Asthma Emphysema Chronic Obstructive Bronchitis Chronic Obstructive Asthma Urinary Incontinence Urinary Retention BPH Recent/Frequent UTI Tuberculosis Hepatitis: (Specify): Infectious Disease: (Specify): Tobacco Dependence Type: Amount: Length of Time Used: Past Surgical History: Health Screening Last Cholesterol Level: Last Mammogram: mm/dd/yyyy mm/dd/yyyy Does patient perform monthly self breast exam? Yes No Last Pap Smear: Last PSA: mm/dd/yyyy mm/dd/yyyy Last Prostate Exam: Last Colonoscopy: mm/dd/yyyy mm/dd/yyyy (M1100) Patient Living Situation. Which of the following best describes the patient's residential circumstance and availability of assistance? Living Arrangement Around the clock Regular daytime Regular Night time Short-term Assistance No Assistance available Patient Lives Patient Lives alone around Patient Lives alone Patient Lives alone Patient Lives alone No A. Patient lives alone alone Regular the clock daytime Regular Night time Short-term Assistance Assistance available Patient lives with Patient lives with Patient lives with other Patient lives with other Patient lives with other B. Patient lives with other person(s) in the home other person(s) in other person(s) in person(s) in the home the home Regular the home Regular person(s) in the home person(s) in the home No Around the clock Short-term Assistance Assistance available daytime Night time Patient lives in congregate Patient lives in C. Patient lives in congregate situation (for example, Patient lives in Patient lives in situation (for example, assisted assisted living, residential Regular daytime congregate congregate situation congregate situation No living, residential care home) care home) around the situation Regular Short-term Assistance Assistance available clock Night time Caregiver Contact Info: Primary Caregiver: Relationship to Patient Contact Number Comments: Name of Facility: Able to safely care for patient? Yes No Phone: ACTIVE DIAGNOSES (M1021/1023) Diagnoses and Symptom Control List each diagnosis for which the patient is receiving home care in Column 1, and enter its ICD-10-CM code at the level of highest specificity in Column 2 (diagnosis codes only - no surgical or procedure codes allowed). Diagnoses are listed in the order that best reflects the seriousness of each condition and supports the disciplines and services provided. Rate the degree of symptom control for each condition in Column 2. ICD-10-CM sequencing requirements must be followed if multiple coding is indicated for any diagnoses. Code each row according to the following directions for each column: Column 1: Enter the description of the diagnosis. Sequencing of diagnoses should reflect the seriousness of each condition and support the disciplines and services provided. Column 2: Enter the ICD-10-CM code for the condition described in Column 1 - no surgical or procedure codes allowed. Codes must be entered at the level of highest specificity and ICD-10-CM coding rules and sequencing requirements must be followed. Note that external cause codes (ICD-10-CM codes beginning with V, W, X, or Y) may not be reported in M1021 (Primary Diagnosis) but may be reported in M1023 (Secondary Diagnoses). Also note that when a Z-code is reported in Column 2: the code for the underlying condition can often be entered in Column 2, as long as it is an active on-going condition impacting home health care. Rate the degree of symptom control for the condition listed in Column 1. Do not assign a symptom control rating if the diagnosis code is a V, W, X, Y or Z-code. Choose one value that represents the degree of symptom control appropriate for each diagnosis using the following scale: 0 Asymptomatic, no treatment needed at this time 1 Symptoms well controlled with current therapy 2- Symptoms controlled with difficulty, affecting daily functioning; patient needs ongoing monitoring 3- Symptoms poorly controlled; patient needs frequent adjustment in treatment and dose monitoring 4 - Symptoms poorly F_CTL_69ab088a68c4fe9829782daf_0 FICZERI, JULIANNE I 125 I DOB: 10/22/1957 I N: 03/13/2026 4 of 26 controlled; history of re-hospitalizations Note that the rating for symptom control in Column 2 should not be used to determine the sequencing of the diagnoses listed in Column 1. These are separate items and sequencing may not coincide. OASIS IS ALREADY EXPORTED, PRIMARY DIAGNOSIS AND OTHER DIAGNOSIS FROM 1 TO 5 ARE NOW DISABLED 0 Onset Date PRIMARY DIAGNOSIS Severity 03/13/2026 Z47.1 Aftercare following joint replacement surgery 0 1 2 3 4 ^ Onset Exacerbate Onset Date OTHER DIAGNOSIS 1 Severity 03/13/2026 Z96.651 Presence of right artificial knee joint 0 1 2 3 4 ^ Onset Exacerbate OTHER DIAGNOSIS 2 Onset Date Severity 03/13/2026 Z91.81 History of falling 0 1 2 3 4 ^ Onset Exacerbate (M1028) Active Diagnoses - Comorbidities and Co-existing Conditions - Check all that apply See OASIS Guidance Manual for a complete list of relevant ICD-10 codes. 1. Peripheral Vascular Disease (PVD) or Peripheral Arterial Disease (PAD) 2. Diabetes Mellitus (DM) 3. None of the above VITAL SIGNS & PAIN ASSESSMENT (M1060) Height and Weight - While measuring, if the number is X.1-X.4 round down; X.5 or greater round up A. Height (in inches). Record most recent height measure since the most recent SOC/ROC: 64 B. Weight (in pounds). Base weight on most recent measure in last 30 days; measure weight consistently, according to standard agency practice (for example, in a.m. after voiding, before meal, with shoes off, etc.: 160 BMI: 27.46 Comments: Vital Signs Temperature: 98.4 Temporal Pulse (per minute): Apical = Radial = 61 Respiratory (per minute): 18 Weight: 160 reported Blood Pressure mm/Hg (R): 113 / 72 sitting Blood Pressure mm/Hg (L): / Blood Sugar (mg/dl): Non-Fasting O2 Sat: 98 O2 Sat in: Room Air Comments: knee pain Pain Assessment Wong-Baker FACES® Pain Rating Scale Numeric Rating Scale OO 00 00 0 2 4 6 8 10 0 1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 9 10 No Hurts Hurts Hurts Hurts Hurts No Moderate Worst Hurt Little Bit Little More Even More Whole Lot Worst Pain Pain Possible ©1983 Wong Baker FACES Foundation www.WongBakerFACES.org Pain Used with permission. 7 Collected Using: Face Scale Numeric Rating Scale Pain Location and Description: Location Start Date Activity What makes pain worse? right knee 03/13/2026 With Activityx Movementx Intensity Duration What makes pain better? Does pain affect quality of life? 7x Med/Restx yes Unable to Assess Unable to Assess Description Frequency Type of Intervention Dull Achex Occasionalx Opiod Analgesicx How well it is working Status F_CTL_69ab088a68c4fe9829782daf_0 FICZERI, JULIANNE I 125 I DOB: 10/22/1957 I N: 03/13/2026 5 of 26 Fairly Wellx COCx Comments: post surgical knee pain, MD notified. (J0510) Pain Effect on Sleep Ask patient: "Over the past 5 days, how much of the time has pain made it hard for you to sleep at night" 0. Does not apply - I have not had any pain or hurting in the past 5 days 3. Frequently 1. Rarely or not at all 4. Almost constantly 2. Occasionally 8. Unable to answer (J0520) Pain Interference with Therapy Activities Ask patient: "Over the past 5 days, how often have you limited your participation in rehabilitation therapy sessions due to pain?" 0. Does not apply - I have not received rehabilitation therapy in the past 5 days 3. Frequently 1. Rarely or not at all 4. Almost constantly 2. Occasionally 8. Unable to answer (J0530) Pain Interference with Day-to-Day Activities Ask patient: "Over the past 5 days, how often you have limited your day-to-day activities (excluding rehabilitation therapy session) because of pain?" 1. Rarely or not at all 3. Frequently 2. Occasionally 4. Almost Constantly 8. Unable to answer MEDICATION & ALLERGIES (INJECTABLES MEDICATIONS) (N0415) High-Risk Drug Classes: Use and Indication: 1. Is Taking 2. Indication Noted 1. Is taking Check if the patient is taking any medications by pharmacological 2. Indication noted If Column 1 is checked, check if there is an indication classification, not how it is used, in the following classes noted for all medications in the drug class A. Antipsychotic E. Anticoagulant F. Antibiotic H. Opioid I. Antiplatelet J. Hypoglycemic (including insulin) Z. None of the Above Medication Start Date Medication Strength I Dosage / Frequency Route Classification/Indication Status 03/13/2026 Atorvastatin (Oral Pill) 20 mg 1 Tab Once a day By ANTILIPEMIC AGENTS / New mouth 03/13/2026 clonazePAM (Oral Pill) 0.5 mg 1 Tab Once a day By BENZODIAZEPINE DERIVATIVE New mouth SEDATIVES/HYPNOTICS / 03/13/2026 Acetaminophen/oxyCODONE 325-5 mg 1 Tab Q4H PRN By OPIOID ANALGESICS / New (Oral Pill) mouth Medication Remarks Medication remarks Discontinued Medications Start Date Medication Strength / Dose / Frequency I Route Classification/Indication Laboratory Status Disc Date Remarks IV Does patient have IV access? Yes No (M2001) Drug Regimen Review Did a complete drug regimen review identify potential clinically significant medication issues? 0. No No issues found during review [Go to M2010, Patient/Caregiver High-Risk Drug Education] 1. Yes - Issues found during review Not assessed/no information 9. NA - Patient is not taking any medications [Go to 00110, Special Treatments, Procedures, and Programs] (M2003) Medication Follow-up Did the agency contact a physician (or physician-designee) by midnight of the next calendar day and complete prescribed/recommended actions in response to the identified potential clinically significant medication issues? 0. No 1. Yes Not assessed/no information (M2010) Patient/Caregiver High-Risk Drug Education F_CTL_69ab088a68c4fe9829782daf_0 FICZERI, JULIANNE I 125 I DOB: 10/22/1957 I N: 03/13/2026 6 of 26 Has the patient/caregiver received instruction on special precautions for all high-risk medications (such as hypoglycemics, anticoagulants, etc.) and how and when to report problems that may occur? 0. No 1. Yes NA Patient not taking any high-risk drugs OR patient/caregiver fully knowledgeable about special precautions associated with all high-risk medications (M2020) Management of Oral Medications Patient's current ability to prepare and take all oral medications reliably and safely, including administration of the correct dosage at the appropriate times/intervals. Excludes injectable and IV medications. (NOTE: This refers to ability, not compliance or willingness.) 0. Able to independently take the correct oral medication(s) and proper dosage(s) at the correct times. 1. Able to take medication(s) at the correct times if: (a) individual dosages are prepared in advance by another person; OR (b) another person develops a drug diary or chart. 2. Able to take medication(s) at the correct times if given reminders by another person at the appropriate times. 3. Unable to take medication unless administered by another person NA No oral medications prescribed (M2030) Management of Injectable Medications Patient's current ability to prepare and take all prescribed injectable medications reliably and safely, including administration of correct dosage at the appropriate times/intervals. Excludes IV medications. 0. Able to independently take the correct medication(s) and proper dosage(s) at the correct times 1. Able to take injectable medication(s) at the correct times if: a. individual syringes are prepared in advance by another person; OR b. another person develops a drug diary or chart. 2. Able to take medication(s) at the correct times if given reminders by another person based on the frequency of the injection 3. Unable to take injectable medication unless administered by another person NA No injectable medications prescribed. (00110) Special Treatments, Procedures, and Programs Check all of the following treatments, procedures, and programs that apply at discharge. On Admission (Check All That Apply) Cancer Treatment A1. Chemotherapy A2. IV A3. Oral A10. Other B1. Radiation Respiratory Therapies C1. Oxygen Therapy C2. Continuous C3. Intermittent C4. High-Concentration D1. Suctioning D2. Scheduled D3. As needed E1. Tracheostomy Care F1. Invasive Mechanical Ventilator G1. Non-invasive Mech. Vent. G2. BiPAP G3. CPAP Others H1. IV Medications H2. Vasoactive medications H3. Antibiotics H4. Anticoagulation H10. Other I1. Transfusions J1. Dialysis J2. Hemodialysis J3. Peritoneal dialysis 01. IV Access O2. Peripheral O3. Mid-line O4. Central (e.g., PICC, tunneled, port) Z1. None of the Above Most Recent Immunizations Pneumonia Yes No Unknown Date: mm/dd/yyyy - Flu F_CTL_69ab088a68c4fe9829782daf_0 FICZERI, JULIANNE I 125 I DOB: 10/22/1957 I N: 03/13/2026 7 of 26 Yes No Unknown Date: mm/dd/yyyy Tetanus Yes No Unknown Date: mm/dd/yyyy TB Yes No Unknown Date: mm/dd/yyyy TB Exposure Yes No Unknown Date: mm/dd/yyyy Hepatitis B Yes No Unknown Date: mm/dd/yyyy Additional Immunizations Immunization Name: Yes No Unknown Date: mm/dd/yyyy Immunization Name: Yes No Unknown Date: mm/dd/yyyy Comments: Vaccination Record 1st Dose COVID-19 Product Name/Manufacturer (Lot No.): Date: Healthcare Professional or Clinic Site: mm/dd/yyyy 2nd Dose COVID-19 Product Name/Manufacturer (Lot No.): Date: Healthcare Professional or Clinic Site: mm/dd/yyyy Booster 1 Product Name/Manufacturer (Lot No.): Date: Healthcare Professional or Clinic Site: mm/dd/yyyy Booster 2 Product Name/Manufacturer (Lot No.): Date: Healthcare Professional or Clinic Site: mm/dd/yyyy Allergies Name Reaction Start Date Add Allergies None known NEUROLOGICAL (HEAD, MOOD, EYES, EARS) Neuro/Emotional/Behavioral Assessment Conditions of Participation Neuromascular Impairment: No Problems identified Speech Hearing Visual Tremors Numbness Tingling Vertigo Ataxia Decreased Sensitivity Others (Specify): Psychosocial WNL (Within Normal Limits) Poor Home Environment Agitated Impaired Decision Making Inappropriate Behavior Poor Coping Skills Depressed Mood Demonstrated/Expressed Anxiety Irritability Document as Clinical Narrative Educational level Primary Language English Unable to: Read Write Barriers: Language Learning F_CTL_69ab088a68c4fe9829782daf_0 FICZERI, JULIANNE I 125 | DOB: 10/22/1957 I N: 03/13/2026 8 of 26 Needs interpreter Mental Psychosocial Physical Functional Emotions Reported: Angry Flat affect Discouraged Difficulty coping Withdrawn Disorganized Depressed Recent Long Term Treatment: Evidence of abuse/neglect/exploitation: Potential Actual Verbal/Emotional Financial Physical No Evidence of Abuse/Neglect/Exploitation Unable to cope with altered health status, patient: Lacks motivation Has unrealistic expectations Denies problems Unable to recognize problems Sleep/Rest Adequate Inadequate No. of hours slept per night: 6 Comments Spiritual I Cultural implications that impact care Spiritual resource Inappropriate responses to caregivers/clinician Inappropriate follow-through in past Did patient drive a vehicle before admission? Yes No NA Did the patient have a job before admission? Yes No If yes, do they want to drive post-discharge? Yes No If yes, do they want to return to work post-discharge? Yes No (B1300) Health Literacy How often do you need to have someone help you when you read instructions, pamphlets, or other written material from your doctor or pharmacy? 0. Never 4. Always 1. Rarely 7. Patient declines to respond 2. Sometimes 8. Patient unable to respond 3. Often (C0100) Should Brief Interview for Mental Status (C0200-C0500) be Conducted? Attempt to conduct interview with all patients. No (patient is rarely/never understood) Yes Not assessed/no information Brief Interview for Mental Status (BIMS) (C0200) Repetition of Three Words Ask patient: "I am going to say three words for you to remember. Please repeat the words after I have said all three. The words are: SOCK, BLUE, and BED. Now tell me the three words." Number of words repeated after first attempt None One Two Three Not Assessed After the patient's first attempt, repeat the words using cues ( "sock, something to wear; blue, a color; bed, a piece of furniture"). You may repeat the words up to two more times. (C0300) Temporal Orientation (Orientation to year, month, and day) Ask patient: "Please tell me what year it is right now?" Ask patient: "What month are we in right now?" Ask patient: "What day of the week is today?" A) Able to report correct year B) Able to report correct month c) Able to report correct day of the week 0. Missed by > 5 years or no answer 0. Missed by > 1 month or no answer 0. Incorrect or no answer 1. Missed by 2-5 years 1. Missed by 6 days to 1 month 1. Correct 2. Missed by 1 year 2. Accurate within 5 days Not assessed/no information 3. Correct Not assessed/no information Not assessed/no information (C0400). Recall Ask patient: "Let's go back to an earlier question. What were those three words that I asked you to repeat?" If unable to remember a word, give cue (something to wear; a color; a piece of furniture) for that word." A) Able to recall "sock" B) Able to recall "blue" c) Able to recall "bed" 0. No could not recall 0. No - could not recall 0. No could not recall 1. Yes, after cueing ("something to wear") 1. Yes, after cueing ("a color") 1. Yes, after cueing ("a piece of furniture") 2. Yes, no cue required 2. Yes, no cue required 2. Yes, no cue required Not assessed/no information Not assessed/no information Not assessed/no information C0500. BIMS Summary Score Add scores for questions C0200-C0400 and fill in total score (00-15) Enter 99 if the patient was unable to complete the 15 interview Mental Status 1 Oriented 2 - Comatose 3 Forgetful 4 - Depressed 5 - Disoriented 6 - Lethargic 7 - Agitated 8 - Alert 9 - Confused 10 Dementia 11 Assaultive 12 Delirious 13 Wanders 14 Other Describe the patient's mental status. Include general appearance, behaviors, emotional responses, mental functioning, overall social interaction as well as both clinical objective observations and subjective descriptions reported during this visit. Within normal limits, well groomed, and verbally responsive. F_CTL_69ab088a68c4fe9829782daf_0 FICZERI, JULIANNE I 125 I DOB: 10/22/1957 | N: 03/13/2026 9 of 26 Has there been a sudden/acute change in their mental status? Yes No Reported by: If yes, did the change coincide with something else like medication change, fall, or loss of a loved one? No Yes Comments: (C1310) Signs and Symptoms of Delirium (from CAM©) A. Acute Onset of Mental Status Change Is there evidence of an acute change in mental status from the patient's baseline? 0. No 1. Yes B. Inattention Did the patient have difficulty focusing attention, for example, being easily distractible or having difficulty keeping track of what was being said? 0. Behavior not present 2. Behavior present, fluctuates (comes and goes, changes in severity) 1. Behavior continuously present, does not fluctuate Not assessed/no information c. Disorganized thinking Was the patient's thinking disorganized or incoherent (rambling or irrelevant conversation, unclear or illogical flow of ideas, or unpredictable switching from subject to subject)? 0. Behavior not present 2. Behavior present, fluctuates (comes and goes, changes in severity) 1. Behavior continuously present, does not fluctuate Not assessed/no information D. Altered level of consciousness Did the patient have altered level of consciousness, as indicated by any of the following criteria? vigilant - startled easily to any sound or touch lethargic - repeatedly dozed off when being asked questions, but responded to voice or touch stuporous - very difficult to arouse and keep aroused for the interview comatose - could not be arouse 0. Behavior not present 2. Behavior present, fluctuates (comes and goes, changes in severity) 1. Behavior continuously present, does not fluctuate Not assessed/no information (D0150) Patient Mood Interview (PHQ-2 to 9) Say to patient: "Over the last 2 weeks, have you been bothered by any of the following problems?" If symptom is present, enter 1 (yes) in column 1, Symptom Presence If yes in column 1, then ask the patient: "About how often have you been bothered by this?" Read and show the patient a card with the symptom frequency choices. Indicate response in column 2, Symptom Frequency 1) Symptom Presence 2) Symptom Frequency 0. No (enter 0 in column 2) 0 - Never or 1 day 1. Yes (enter 0-3 in column 2) 1 2-6 days (several days) 9. No response (leave column 2 blank) 2- 7-11 days (half or more of the days) 3- 12-14 days (nearly every day) Presence Frequency A. Little interest or pleasure in doing things No X Never or 1 day B. Feeling down, depressed, or hopeless No X Never or 1 day If either D0150A2 or D0150B2 is coded 2 or 3, CONTINUE asking the questions below. If not, END the PHQ interview C. Trouble falling or staying asleep, or sleeping too much ^ ^ D. Feeling tired or having little energy ^ ^ E. Poor appetite or overeating ^ ^ F. Feeling bad about yourself - or that you are a failure or have let yourself or your family ^ ^ down G. Trouble concentrating on things, such as reading the newspaper or watching ^ ^ television H. Moving or speaking so slowly that other people could have noticed. Or the opposite - ^ ^ being so fidgety or restless that you have been moving around a lot more than usual I. Thoughts that you would be better off dead, or of hurting yourself in some way ^ ^ D0160. Total Severity Score Add scores for all frequency responses in Column 2, Symptom Frequency. Total score must be between 02 0 and 27. Enter 99 if unable to complete interview (i.e., Symptom Frequency is blank for 3 or more required items) (D0700) Social Isolation How often do you feel lonely or isolated from those around you? 0. Never 4. Always 1. Rarely 7. Patient declines to respond 2. Sometimes 8. Patient unable to respond 3. Often (M1740) Cognitive, behavioral, and psychiatric symptoms that are demonstrated at least once a week (Reported or Observed): (Mark all that apply. 1. Memory deficit: failure to recognize familiar persons/places, inability to recall events of past 24 hours, significant memory loss so that supervision is required 2. Impaired decision-making: failure to perform usual ADLs or IADLs, inability to appropriately stop activities, jeopardizes safety through actions 3. Verbal disruption: yelling, threatening, excessive profanity, sexual references, etc. 4. Physical aggression: aggressive or combative to self and others (for example, hits self, throws objects, punches, dangerous maneuvers with wheelchair or other objects) 5. Disruptive, infantile, or socially inappropriate behavior (excludes verbal actions) 6. Delusional, hallucinatory, or paranoid behavior 7. None of the above behaviors demonstrated (M1745) Frequency of Disruptive Behavior Symptoms (Reported or Observed): 0. Never 3. Several times each month 1. Less than once a month 4. Several times a week 2. Once a month 5. At least daily (M1700) Cognitive Functioning Patient's current (day of assessment) level of alertness, orientation, comprehension, concentration, and immediate memory for simple commands 0. Alert/oriented, able to focus and shift attention, comprehends and recalls task directions independently. 1. Requires prompting (cuing, repetition, reminders) only under stressful or unfamiliar conditions. F_CTL_69ab088a68c4fe9829782daf_0 FICZERI, JULIANNE I 125 I DOB: 10/22/1957 I N: 03/13/2026 10 of 26 2. Requires assistance and some direction in specific situations (for example, on all tasks involving shifting of attention) or consistently requires low stimulus environment due to distractibility 3. Requires considerable assistance in routine situations. Is not alert and oriented or is unable to shift attention and recall directions more than half the time. 4. Totally dependent due to disturbances such as constant disorientation, coma, persistent vegetative state, or delirium. (M1710) When Confused (Reported or Observed Within the Last 14 Days): (M1720) When Anxious (Reported or Observed Within the Last 14 Days): 0. Never 0. None of the time 1. In new or complex situations only 1. Less often than daily 2. On awakening or at night only 2. Daily, but not constantly 3. During the day and evening, but not constantly 3. All of the time 4. Constantly NA - Patient nonresponsive 5. Patient nonresponsive Eyes and Ears (B1000) Vision Ability to see in adequate light (with glasses or other visual appliances) 0. Adequate - sees fine detail, such as regular print in newspapers/books 1. Impaired - sees large print, but not regular print in newspapers/books 2. Moderate impaired - limited vision; not able to see newspaper headlines but can identify objects 3. Highly impaired - object identification in question, but eyes appear to follow objects 4. Severely impaired - no vision or sees only light, colors or shapes; eyes do not appear to follow objects Vision cont. No Problems Identified Glasses Macular Degeneration Blurred Vision Glaucoma Contact Lenses: Right Left Cataracts Blindness(Specify): Others (Specify): Comments: Pupils No Problems Identified PERRLA Anisocoria Right Left Others(Specify): Comments: (B0200) Hearing Ability to hear (with hearing aid or hearing appliances if normally used) 0. Adequate - no difficulty in normal conversation, social interaction, listening to TV 1. Minimal difficulty - difficulty in some environments (e.g., when person speaks softly, or setting is noisy) 2. Moderate difficulty - speaker has to increase volume and speak distinctly 3. Highly impaired - absence of useful hearing Hearing cont. No Problems Identified Right Hearing Impairment Left Hearing Impairment Deaf Speech Impairment (Specify): Comments: CARDIOPULMONARY (CHEST & THORAX) Heart Sounds Normal Regular Irregular Murmur Gallops Clicks Friction Rule Comments (If Abnormal (Explain)): Edema Upper: Lower: Others: Right Extremities Left Extremities Right Extremities Left Extremities Comments: Capillary Refill: PT/INR: Cramps Claudication Fatigue > 3 secs < secs / Peripheral Pulses Radial: Strong/Bounding Weak Thready Absent Pedal: Strong/Bounding Weak Thready Absent Comments: Chest/Thorax Chest Pain Denies Anginal Postural Localized Substernal Sharp Dull Aching Radiating Viselike Stabbing Others (Specify): Associated with: Shortness of Breath Activity Rest Frequency/Duration: Comments: (M1400) When is the patient dyspneic or noticeably Short of Breath? 0. Patient is not short of breath 3. With minimal exertion (for example, while eating, talking, or performing other ADLs) or with agitation F_CTL_69ab088a68c4fe9829782daf_0 FICZERI, JULIANNE I 125 I DOB: 10/22/1957 I N: 03/13/2026 11 of 26 1. When walking more than 20 feet, climbing stairs 4. At rest (during day or night) 2. With moderate exertion (for example, while dressing, using commode or bedpan, walking distances less than 20 feet) Respiratory Status Dyspnea: At Rest With Exertion/Activity Accessory Muscle Used Orthopnea Retraction Stridor O2 Ipm O2 Saturation % PRN Continuous Mechanical Ventilator: Intubated Tracheostomy Others (Specify): Comments: Lung Sounds Anterior: Right: Clear Left: Clear Posterior: Upper Right: Clear Upper Left: Clear Lower Right: Clear Lower Left: Clear Comments: Cough None Dry Acute Chronic Non-Productive Productive: Not Assessed/No Information Yes No Suction: Not Assessed/No Information Yes No Hemoptysis Frequency: Amount: Comments: GASTROINTESTINAL & GENITOURINARY ASSESSMENT Gastrointestinal (Mouth Anus) Mouth and Throat No Problems Identified Dentures: Upper Lower Partial Bleeding Gums/Gingivitis Toothache Ulcerations Lesion Dysphagia Hoarseness Sore Throat Masses/Tumors Comments: Appetite Good Fair Poor Intake: Adequate Inadequate Abnormalities: Anoxeria Cachexia Nausea Vomiting Decreased Appetite Reflux/Indigestion Diarrhea Constipation Bowel Incontinence Other (Specify): Comments: (M1870) Feeding or Eating Current ability to feed self meals and snacks safely. Note: This refers only to the process of eating, chewing, and swallowing, not preparing the food to be eaten. 0. Able to independently feed self. 1. Able to feed self independently but requires: (a) meal set-up; OR (b) intermittent assistance or supervision from another person; OR (c) a liquid, pureed or ground meat diet. 2. Unable to feed self and must be assisted or supervised throughout the meal/snack. 3. Able to take in nutrients orally and receives supplemental nutrients though a nasogastric tube or gastrostomy. 4. Unable to take in nutrients orally and is fed nutrients through a nasogastric tube or gastrostomy. 5. Unable to take in nutrients orally or by tube feeding. Feeding Cont. Formula Continuous Feeding CC: hours: Bolus: Gravity Pump CC: every hour(s): Flushing Protocol: PEG/G-Tube Placement: Placement Checked Residual Checked Amount: Comments: (K0520) Nutritional Approaches On Admission (Check All That Apply) A. Parenteral/IV feeding B. Feeding tube (e.g., nasogastric or abdominal (PEG)) C. Mechanically altered diet - require change in texture of food or liquids (e.g., pureed food, thickened liquids) D. Therapeutic diet (e.g., low salt, diabetic, low cholesterol) Z. None of the above #16 Nutritional Requirements NPO No Added Salt Low Salt Low Fat Low Cholesterol No Concentrated Sweets Controlled Regular Fluid Restriction: Carbohydrates Other: F_CTL_69ab088a68c4fe9829782daf_0 FICZERI, JULIANNE I 125 I DOB: 10/22/1957 I N: 03/13/2026 12 of 26 Nutritional Health Screen Score Nutritional Health Screen Score Without reason, has lost more than 10 lbs in the last 3 months 15 Does not always have enough money to buy foods need 10 Has an illness or condition that made pt change the type and/or 10 Eats alone most of the time 5 amount of food eaten Has open decubitus, ulcer, burn or wound 10 Eats fewer than 2 meals a day 10 Takes 3 or more prescribed or OTC medications a day 5 10 Is not always physically able to cook and/or feed self and has no Has a tooth/mouth problem that makes it hard to eat 5 caregiver to assist Has 3 or more drinks of beer, liquor or wine almost every day 10 Frequently has a diarrhea or constipation 5 Total 0 Good Nutritional Status (Score 0 25) Moderate Nutritional Status (Score 25 54) High Nutritional Status (Score 55 100) Nutritional Status Commments: Weight No Change Weight Gain Weight Loss Abdomen Abdominal Soft/Tender Abdominal Distention Girth(cm): Comments: (M1620) Bowel Incontinence Frequency 0. Very rarely or never has bowel incontinence 4. On a daily basis 1. Less than once weekly 5. More often than once daily 2. One to three times weekly NA Patient has ostomy for bowel elimination 3. Four to six times weekly UK- Unknown (M1630) Ostomy for Bowel Elimination Does this patient have an ostomy for bowel elimination that (within the last 14 days): a) was related to an inpatient facility stay; or b) necessitated a change in medical or treatment regimen? 0. Patient does not have an ostomy for bowel elimination 1. Patient's ostomy was not related to an inpatient stay and did not necessitate change in medical or treatment regimen. 2. The ostomy was related to an inpatient stay or did necessitate change in medical or treatment regimen. Ostomy/Stoma Appearance Pinkished-Red Moist Abnormalities: Purple Black in Color Dry Gray Bad Odor Itches/Hurt Other (Specify): Bowel Sounds: Abdominal Quadrants: Right Lower Right Upper Left Lower Left Upper Last Bowel Movement: 03/13/2026 Normoactive Normoactive Normoactive Normoactive Comments: Constipation Chronic Acute Occasional Internal Hemorrhoids External Hemorrhoids Laxative/Enema Use Comments: Stool Appearance Within Normal Limits Gray Tarry Black Fresh Blood Others (Specify): Comments: Genitourinary (Genitals & Urinary) (M1600) Has this patient been treated for a Urinary Tract Infection in the past 14 days? 0. No NA Patient on prophylactic treatment 1. Yes UK Unknown (M1610) Urinary Incontinence or Urinary Catheter Presence: Patient is incontinent No incontinence or catheter (includes anuria or ostomy for urinary drainage) Day time Night time Day and Night Timed-voiding defers incontinence Occasional stress incontinence Patient requires a urinary catheter (specifically: external, indwelling, intermittent, or suprapubic) Genitourinary Assessment Within Normal Limits Abnormalities: Frequency Dysuria Urgency Anuria Nocturia Oliguria Retention Hematuria Irrigation Incontinence Diapers Used Penile Discharge Vaginal Bleeding/Discharge Others (Specify): F_CTL_69ab088a68c4fe9829782daf_0 FICZERI, JULIANNE I 125 I DOB: 10/22/1957 I N: 03/13/2026 13 of 26 Urine Color: Clear Transparent Pale Yellow Brownish Orange Pinkish Red Dark Yellow Blue or Green Foamy Transparent Yellow Urine Consistency: Hematuria Sediment Odorous Cloudy Urinary Catheter: External Catheter Foley Suprapubic Nephrostomy Last Catheter Change: Fr: CC: mm/dd/yyyy Comments: INTEGUMENTARY (SKIN & WOUND) (M1306) Does this patient have at least one Unhealed Pressure Ulcer/Injury at Stage 2 or Higher or designated as Unstageable? (Excludes Stage 1 pressure injuries and all healed pressure ulcers/injuries) 0. No [-> Skip to M1322, Current Number of Stage 1 Pressure Injuries at SOC/ROC; Skip to M1324, Stage of Most Problematic Unhealed Pressure Ulcer/Injury that is Stageable at DC] 1. Yes (M1311) Current Number of Unhealed Pressure Ulcers/Injuries at Each Stage A1. Stage 2: Partial thickness loss of dermis presenting as a shallow open ulcer with a red or pink wound bed, without slough. May also present as an intact ^ or open/ruptured blister. Number of Stage 2 pressure ulcers B1. Stage 3: Full thickness tissue loss. Subcutaneous fat may be visible but bone, tendon, or muscle is not exposed. Slough may be present but does not ^ obscure the depth of tissue loss. May include undermining and tunneling. Number of Stage 3 pressure ulcers C1. Stage 4: Full thickness tissue loss with exposed bone, tendon, or muscle. Slough or eschar may be present on some parts of the wound bed. Often ^ includes undermining and tunneling. Number of Stage 4 pressure ulcers D1. Unstageable: Non-removable dressing/device: Known but not stageable due to non₁removable dressing/device Number of unstageable pressure ^ ulcers/injuries due to non-removable dressing/device E1. Unstageable: Slough and/or eschar: Known but not stageable due to coverage of wound bed by slough and/or eschar Number of unstageable ^ pressure ulcers due to coverage of wound bed by slough and/or eschar F1. Unstageable: Deep tissue injury Number of unstageable pressure injuries presenting as deep tissue injury > (M1322) Current Number of Stage 1 Pressure Injuries: (M1324) Stage of Most Problematic Unhealed Pressure Ulcer/Injury that is Intact skin with non-blanchable redness of a localized area usually over a bony Stageable: prominence. Darkly pigmented skin may not have a visible blanching; in dark skin tones (Excludes pressure ulcer/injury that cannot be staged due to a non-removable only it may appear with persistent blue or purple hues. dressing/device, coverage of wound bed by slough and/or eschar, or deep tissue injury.) Stage 1 Pressure Injuries: 0 Stage of Most Problematic: Patient has no pressure ulcers or no stageable pressure ulcers (M1330) Does this patient have a Stasis Ulcer? 0. No [GO TO M1340] 1. Yes, patient has BOTH observable and unobservable stasis ulcers 2. Yes, patient has observable stasis ulcers ONLY 3. Yes, patient has unobservable stasis ulcers ONLY (known but not observable due to non- removable dressing/device) [GO TO M1340] (M1332) Current Number of Stasis Ulcer(s) that are Observable: 1. One 3. Three 2. Two 4. Four or more (M1334) Status of Most Problematic Stasis Ulcer that is Observable 1. Fully granulating 2. Early/partial granulation 3. Not healing (M1340) Does this patient have a Surgical Wound? 0. No [GO TO N0415] 1. Yes, patient has at least one observable surgical wound 2. Surgical wound known but not observable due to non-removable dressing/device [GO To N0415] (M1342) Status of Most Problematic Surgical Wound that is Observable 0. Newly epithelialized 2. Early/partial granulation 1. Fully granulating 3. Not healing Skin Color Within Normal Limits Pale Jaundice Cyanotic Skin Turgor: Good Fair Poor Skin Abnormalities: Dry Warm Cool Rash Ulcer Ostomy Incision Diaphoretic Others (Specify): Additional Skin Comments: knee vertical incision covered by waterproof bandage Norton Scale for Pressure Ulcer Risk Assessment Good (4) Fair (3) Poor (2) Very Bad (1) Physical Condition Good Fair Poor Very Bad Mental Condition Alert Apathetic Confused Stuporous Activity Ambulant Walks With Help Chairbound Bedfast Mobility Full Slightly Impaired Very Limited Immobile Incontinence None Occassional Usually Urinary Urinary and Fecal Total Score: 18 Wound Wound Worksheet F_CTL_69ab088a68c4fe9829782daf_0 FICZERI, JULIANNE I 125 I DOB: 10/22/1957 I N: 03/13/2026 14 of 26 Fetch Wounds From Previous Wound Note 1 D Wound 1 Location Size Pressure Injury Stage Right knee 0x0x0 - Type Drainage Amount Of Drainage Surgical None None Odor Color Tunneling/Undermining None - - Tunneling Location Tunneling Length (cm) Undermining Location - - - Undermining Length (cm) Surrounding Tissue Wound Base - Normal - Level Of Pain Edema Stoma 6 grade 2 - Slough and/or Echar Slough (%) Eschar (%) - - - Granulation (%) Pink/Red (%) Necrotic (%) - - - Wound Status Wound Description Satisfaction of Return Demonstration Non-Healing - Yes Needs Additional Education Patient's Response to Wound Care Wound Care Fair No wound care dressing done, patient has no None needed for this SOC visit, with non-removable dressing. Keep surgical wound dressing clean, dry, and intact until complains during the SOC process. MD appointment. Onset Date - SAFETY & RISK ASSESSMENT Home Safety Assessment Home Environment Architectural Barriers No fire extinguisher No emergency exit plan Medications are improperly stored Inadequate electricity / cooling / heating Rodent I insect infestation No telephone Inadequate supply of water Unsafe electrical wiring Cluttered surroundings Inadequate sanitation I plumbing Nonworking stove I refrigerator Inadequate railing Inadequate smoke detectors on all levels of home Exposed flammables Unsafe oxygen use Unsafe storage of equipments Inadequate Lighting Other: Type of Assistance Patient Receives other than from Home Health Agency Staff ADL(Bathing, dressing, toileting, eating/feeding, bowel) Family/Friends Provider Services Paid Caregiver Volunteer Organizations IADL (Meds, meals, house-keeping, laundry, telephone, Family/Friends Provider Services Paid Caregiver Volunteer shipping, finances) Organizations Psychosocial Support Family/Friends Provider Services Paid Caregiver Volunteer Organizations Assistance with doctors appointment, delivery of medications Family/Friends Provider Services Paid Caregiver Volunteer Organizations Management of Finances Family/Friends Provider Services Paid Caregiver Volunteer Organizations Comments: F_CTL_69ab088a68c4fe9829782daf_0 FICZERI, JULIANNE I 125 I DOB: 10/22/1957 I N: 03/13/2026 15 of 26 (M2102) Types and Sources of Assistance Determine the ability and willingness of non-agency caregivers (such as family members, friends, or privately paid caregivers) to provide assistance for the following activities, if assistance is needed. Excludes all care by your agency staff F. Supervision and Safety (for example, due to cognitive impairment) 0. No assistance needed - patient is independent or does not have needs in this area 1. Non-agency caregiver(s) currently provide assistance 2. Non-agency caregiver(s) need training/supportive services to provide assistance 3. Non-agency caregiver(s) are not likely to provide assistance OR it is unclear if they will provide assistance 4. Assistance needed, but no non-agency caregiver(s) available Safety Hazards Affecting Patient Stairs No running water, plumbing Inadequate lighting, heating and cooling Narrow or obstructed walkway Insect/Rodent Infestation Lack of fire safety devices No gas/electric appliance Cluttered/soiled living area No hazards identified Others: Safety Measures 1 - Bleeding precautions 4 - Fall precautions 7 - Elevate head of bed 10 Lock w/c with transfers 2- O₂ precautions 5 - Aspiration precautions 8 - 24 hr. supervision 11 Infection control measures 3 - Seizure precautions 6 - Siderails up 9- Clear Pathways up 12 Walker/cane 13 Sharps Precaution 14 Other: Universal precaution/911 protocol Hospitalization Risk Assessment Prior Pattern: Check all that apply > 1 Hospitalizations or ER visits in the past 12 months History of falls Chronic conditions: Check all that apply (M1020/1022/1024) HF Chronic skin ulcers (Wound consult if indicated for any wounds) Diabetes HIV/AIDS COPD Risk factors: (Check all that apply) Discharged from hospital or skilled nursing facility Help with managing medications needed * More than 2 secondary diagnoses Non-compliance with medication regimen Low socioeconomic status or financial concerns Confusion Lives alone Pressure ulcer * Inadequate support network Stasis ulcer ADL assistance needed Overall Poor Status/Prognosis Home safety risks Low literacy level Dyspnea * Depression Consider Therapy referral (PT, +Consider MSW referral Consider Hospice referral Consider RN referral, if not oT, ST) ordered Total number of checked boxes is: 5 Your agency may want to select a threshold score to target patients at high risk. (For example: 5 or greater risk factors may indicate that the patient is at risk for hospitalization. Note: This number is for convenience only and has not been tested or validated. The agency may modify the score based upon the needs of their patient population.) Carry out patient specific interventions as appropriate/ordered, if patient is at risk for hospitalization: (Coordinate with M2250) Referrals: SN PT oT ST MSW HHA Dietary Consultant Other: Consider implementing any of the following interventions, if patient is at risk for hospitalization: Medication Management Patient/family education Enrollment into a disease management program (Specify): Hospice/Palliative Referral Phone Monitoring Front-loading Visits Individualized Patient Emergency Care Plan Telemonitoring Care Coordination (physicians, hospitals, nursing homes ...) Fall Prevention Program Wound Care Immunizations (M1040, M1045, M1050, M1055) Influenza Pneumococcal Fall Prevention Program: Handout and verbal cues Other: (M1033) Risk for Hospitalization: Which of the following signs or symptoms characterize this patient as at risk for hospitalization? (Mark all that apply.) 1. History of falls (2 or more falls - or any fall with an injury - in the past 12 months) 2. Unintentional weight loss of a total of 10 pounds or more in the past 12 months 3. Multiple hospitalizations (2 or more) in the past 6 months 4. Multiple emergency department visits (2 or more) in the past 6 months 5. Decline in mental, emotional, or behavioral status in the past 3 months 6. Reported or observed history of difficulty complying with any medical instructions (for example, medications, diet, exercise) in the past 3 months 7. Currently taking 5 or more medications F_CTL_69ab088a68c4fe9829782daf_0 FICZERI, JULIANNE I 125 I DOB: 10/22/1957 I N: 03/13/2026 16 of 26 8. Currently reports exhaustion 9. Other risk(s) not listed in 1 8 10. None of the above Additional Risk Information: Prior Hospitalization Number of times: Yes No FALL RISK ASSESSMENT TOOL MAHC 10* FALL RISK ASSESSMENT TOOL Yes No Age 65+ Diagnosis (3 or more co-existing) Includes only documented medical diagnosis Prior history of falls within 3 months An unintentional change in position resulting in coming to rest on the ground or at a lower level Incontinence Inability to make it to the bathroom or commode in timely manner. Includes frequency, urgency, and/or nocturia. Visual impairment Includes but not limited to, macular degeneration, diabetic retinopathies, visual field loss, age related changes, decline in visual acuity, accommodation, glare tolerance, depth perception, and night vision or not wearing prescribed glasses or having the correct prescription. Impaired functional mobility May include patients who need help with IADLS or ADLS or have gait or transfer problems, arthritis, pain, fear of falling, foot problems, impaired sensation, impaired coordination or improper use of assistive devices. Environmental hazards May include but not limited to, poor illumination, equipment tubing, inappropriate footwear, pets, hard to reach items, floor surfaces that are uneven or cluttered, or outdoor entry and exits. Poly Pharmacy (4 or more prescriptions any type) All PRESCRIPTIONS including prescriptions for OTC meds. Drugs highly associated with fall risk include but not limited to, sedatives, antidepressants, tranquilizers, narcotics, antihypertensives, cardiac meds, corticosteroids, anti-anxiety drugs, anticholinergic drugs, and hypoglycemic drugs. Pain affecting level of function Pain often affects an individual's desire or ability to move or pain can be a factor in depression or compliance with safety recommendations. Cognitive impairment Could include patients with dementia, Alzheimer's or stroke patients or patients who are confused, use poor judgment, have decreased comprehension, impulsivity, memory deficits. Consider patients ability to adhere to the plan of care. A score of 4 or more is considered at risk for falling 4 Fire Assessment for Patient with Oxygen Patient is not using oxygen Does patient have No Smoking signs posted? Yes No Are the Patient and Caregiver educated regarding this? Yes No Does patient or anyone in the home smoke with oxygen in use? Yes No Are the Patient and Caregiver educated regarding this? Yes No Are smoke detectors present and working properly? Yes No Are the Patient and Caregiver educated regarding this? Yes No Does patient have a properly functioning fire extinguisher? Yes No Are the Patient and Caregiver educated regarding this? Yes No Are oxygen cylinders stored properly? Yes No Are the Patient and Caregiver educated regarding this? Yes No Are all electrical cords near oxygen intact and free for fraying? Yes No Are the Patient and Caregiver educated regarding this? Yes No Does patient have an evacuation plan in case of fire? Yes No Are the Patient and Caregiver educated regarding this? Yes No Are all cleaning fluids and aerosols stored away from oxygen, and not used when oxygen Yes No is in use? Yes No Are the Patient and Caregiver educated regarding this? Does patient refrain from using petroleum products around oxygen? Yes No Are the Patient and Caregiver educated regarding this? Yes No Does patient only used water-based body and lip moisturizers? Yes No Are the Patient and Caregiver educated regarding this? Yes No Comments: FUNCTIONAL ASSESSMENT (SELF CARE) (GG0100) Prior Functioning: Everyday Activities: Indicate the patient's usual ability with everyday activities prior to the current illness, exacerbation, or injury. 3. Independent Patient completed the activities by him/herself, with or without an assistive device, with no assistance from a helper 2. Needed Some Help Patient needed partial assistance from another person to complete activities 1. Dependent - A helper completed the activities for the patient. 8. Unknown 9. Not Applicable Independent Needed Some Help Dependent Unknown Not Applicable A. Self Care: Code the patient's need for assistance with bathing, dressing, using the toilet, or eating prior to the current illness, exacerbation, or injur B. Indoor Mobility (Ambulation): Code the patient's need for assistance with walking from room to room (with or without a device such as cane, crutch or walker) prior to the current illness, exacerbation, or injury. C. Stairs: Code the patient's need for assistance with internal or external stairs (with or without a device such as cane, crutch, or walker) prior to the current illness, exacerbation or injury. D. Functional Cognition: Code the patient's need for assistance with planning regular tasks, such as shopping or remembering to take medication prior to the current illness, exacerbation, or injury. F_CTL_69ab088a68c4fe9829782daf_0 FICZERI, JULIANNE I 125 I DOB: 10/22/1957 I N: 03/13/2026 17 of 26 (GG0110) Prior Device Use Indicate devices and aids used by the patient prior to the current illness, exacerbation, or injury (Check all that apply) A. Manual wheelchair D. Walker B. Motorized wheelchair and/or scooter E. Orthotics/Prosthetics C. Mechanical lift Z. None of the above (GG0130) Self Care (GG0130) SOC/ROC Performance Code the patient's usual performance at SOC/ROC for each activity using the 6-point scale. If activity was not attempted at SOC/ROC, code the reason. Safety and Quality of Performance - If helper assistance is required because patient's performance is unsafe or of poor quality, score according to amount of assistance provided. Activities may be completed with or without assistive devices. 06. Independent - Patient completes the activity by him/herself with no assistance from a helper. 05. Setup or clean-up assistance - Helper sets up or cleans up; patient completes activity. Helper assists only prior to or following the activity. 04. Supervision or touching assistance - Helper provides verbal cues and/or touching/steadying and/or contact guard assistance as patient completes activity. Assistance may be provided throughout the activity or intermittently. 03. Partial/moderate assistance - Helper does LESS THAN HALF the effort. Helper lifts, holds or supports trunk or limbs, but provides less than half the effort. 02. Substantial/maximal assistance - Helper does MORE THAN HALF the effort. Helper lifts or holds trunk or limbs and provides more than half the effort. 01. Dependent - Helper does ALL of the effort. Patient does none of the effort to complete the activity. Or, the assistance of 2 or more helpers is required for the patient to complete the activity. If activity was not attempted, code reason: 07. Patient refused 09. Not applicable - Not attempted and the patient did not perform this activity prior to the current illness, exacerbation or injury. 10. Not attempted due to environmental limitations (e.g., lack of equipment, weather constraints) 88. Not attempted due to medical conditions or safety concerns A. Eating B. Oral Hygiene C. Toileting E. Shower F. Upper G. Lower H. Putting on Hygiene /bathe self body dressing body dressing /taking off footwear (06) Independent (05) Setup or clean-up assistance (04) Supervision or touching assistance (03) Partial/moderate assistance (02) Substantial/maximal assistance (01) Dependent (07) Patient refused (09) Not applicable (10) Not attempted due to environmental limitations (88) Not attempted due to medical conditions or safety concerns (-) Not assessed/no information (M1800) Grooming Current ability to tend safely to personal hygiene needs (specifically: washing face and hands, hair care, shaving or make up, teeth or denture care, or fingernail care) 0. Able to groom self unaided, with or without the use of assistive devices or adapted methods. 1. Grooming utensils must be placed within reach before able to complete grooming activities. 2. Someone must assist the patient to groom self. 3. Patient depends entirely upon someone else for grooming needs (M1810) Ability to Dress Upper Body Current Ability to Dress Upper Body safely (with or without dressing aids) including undergarments, pullovers, front-opening shirts and blouses, managing zippers, buttons, and snaps: 0. Able to get clothes out of closets and drawers, put them on and remove them from the upper body without assistance. 1. Able to dress upper body without assistance if clothing is laid out or handed to the patient. 2. Someone must help the patient put on upper body clothing. 3. Patient depends entirely upon another person to dress the upper body. (M1820) Ability to Dress Lower Body Current Ability to Dress Lower Body safely (with or without dressing aids) including undergarments, slacks, socks or nylons, shoes: 0. Able to obtain, put on, and remove clothing and shoes without assistance. 1. Able to dress lower body without assistance if clothing and shoes are laid out or handed to the patient. 2. Someone must help the patient put on undergarments, slacks, socks or nylons, and shoes. 3. Patient depends entirely upon another person to dress lower body. (M1830) Bathing Current ability to wash entire body safely. Excludes grooming (washing face, washing hands, and shampooing hair). 0. Able to bathe self in shower or tub independently, including getting in and out of tub/shower. 1. With the use of devices, is able to bathe self in shower or tub independently, including getting in and out of the tub/shower. 2. Able to bathe in shower or tub with the intermittent assistance of another person: (a) for intermittent supervision or encouragement or reminders, OR (b) to get in and out of the shower or tub, OR (c) for washing difficult to reach areas. 3. Able to participate in bathing self in shower or tub, but requires presence of another person throughout the bath for assistance or supervision. 4. Unable to use the shower or tub, but able to bathe self independently with or without the use of devices at the sink, in chair, or on commode. 5. Unable to use the shower or tub, but able to participate in bathing self in bed, at the sink, in bedside chair, or on commode, with the assistance or supervision of another person 6. Unable to participate effectively in bathing and is bathed totally by another person. (M1840) Toilet Transferring Current ability to get to and from the toilet or bedside commode safely and transfer on and off toilet/commode 0. Able to get to and from the toilet and transfer independently with or without a device 1. When reminded, assisted, or supervised by another person, able to get to and from the toilet and transfer. 2. Unable to get to and from the toilet but is able to use a bedside commode (with or without assistance). 3. Unable to get to and from the toilet or bedside commode but is able to use a bedpan/urinal independently 4. Is totally dependent in toileting. (M1845) Toileting Hygiene Current ability to maintain perineal hygiene safely, adjust clothes and/or incontinence pads before and after using toilet, commode, bedpan, urinal. If managing ostomy, includes cleaning area around stoma, but not managing equipment. 0. Able to manage toileting hygiene and clothing management without assistance. 1. Able to manage toileting hygiene and clothing management without assistance if supplies/implements are laid out for the patient. 2. Someone must help the patient to maintain toileting hygiene and/or adjust clothing. F_CTL_69ab088a68c4fe9829782daf_0 FICZERI, JULIANNE I 125 I DOB: 10/22/1957 - N: 03/13/2026 18 of 26 3. Patient depends entirely upon another person to maintain toileting hygiene (M1850) Transferring Current ability to move safely from bed to chair, or ability to turn and position self in bed if patient is bedfast 0. Able to independently transfer. 1. Able to transfer with minimal human assistance or with use of an assistive device. 2. Able to bear weight and pivot during the transfer process but unable to transfer self. 3. Unable to transfer self and is unable to bear weight or pivot when transferred by another person 4. Bedfast, unable to transfer but is able to turn and position self in bed. 5. Bedfast, unable to transfer and is unable to turn and position self (M1860) Ambulation/Locomotion Current ability to walk safely, once in a standing position, or use a wheelchair, once in a seated position, on a variety of surfaces. 0. Able to independently walk on even and uneven surfaces and negotiate stairs with or without railings (specifically: needs no human assistance or assistive device). 1. With the use of a one-handed device (for example, cane, single crutch, hemi-walker), able to independently walk on even and uneven surfaces and negotiate stairs with or without railings. 2. Requires use of a two-handed device (for example, walker or crutches) to walk alone on a level surface and/or requires human supervision or assistance to negotiate stairs or steps or uneven surfaces. 3. Able to walk only with the supervision or assistance of another person at all times. 4. Chairfast, unable to ambulate but is able to wheel self independently. 5. Chairfast, unable to ambulate and is unable to wheel self 6. Bedfast, unable to ambulate or be up in a chair. FUNCTIONAL ASSESSMENT (MOBILITY & MUSCULOSKELETAL) (GG0170) Mobility (GG0170A) A. Roll left and right: The ability to roll from lying on back to left and right side, and return to lying on back on the bed. SOC/ROC Performance 06. Independent 07. Patient refused 05. Setup or clean-up assistance 09. Not applicable 04. Supervision or touching assistance 10. Not attempted due to environmental limitations 03. Partial/moderate assistance 88. Not attempted due to medical conditions or safety concerns 02. Substantial/maximal assistance (-) Not assessed/no information 01. Dependent (GG0170B) B. Sit to lying: The ability to move from sitting on side of bed to lying flat on the bed. SOC/ROC Performance 06. Independent 07. Patient refused 05. Setup or clean-up assistance 09. Not applicable 04. Supervision or touching assistance 10. Not attempted due to environmental limitations 03. Partial/moderate assistance 88. Not attempted due to medical conditions or safety concerns 02. Substantial/maximal assistance (-) Not assessed/no information 01. Dependent (GG0170C) C. Lying to sitting on side of bed: The ability to move from lying on the back to sitting on the side of the bed with feet flat on the floor, and with no back support. SOC/ROC Performance 06. Independent 07. Patient refused 05. Setup or clean-up assistance 09. Not applicable 04. Supervision or touching assistance 10. Not attempted due to environmental limitations 03. Partial/moderate assistance 88. Not attempted due to medical conditions or safety concerns 02. Substantial/maximal assistance (-) Not assessed/no information 01. Dependent (GG0170D) D. Sit to stand: The ability to come to a standing position from sitting in a chair, wheelchair, or on the side of the bed. SOC/ROC Performance 06. Independent 07. Patient refused 05. Setup or clean-up assistance 09. Not applicable 04. Supervision or touching assistance 10. Not attempted due to environmental limitations 03. Partial/moderate assistance 88. Not attempted due to medical conditions or safety concerns 02. Substantial/maximal assistance (-) Not assessed/no information 01. Dependent (GG0170E) E. Chair/bed-to-chair transfer: The ability to transfer to and from a bed to a chair (or wheelchair). SOC/ROC Performance 06. Independent 07. Patient refused 05. Setup or clean-up assistance 09. Not applicable 04. Supervision or touching assistance 10. Not attempted due to environmental limitations 03. Partial/moderate assistance 88. Not attempted due to medical conditions or safety concerns 02. Substantial/maximal assistance (-) Not assessed/no information 01. Dependent (GG0170F) F. Toilet transfer: The ability to get on and off a toilet or commode. SOC/ROC Performance 06. Independent 07. Patient refused 05. Setup or clean-up assistance 09. Not applicable 04. Supervision or touching assistance 10. Not attempted due to environmental limitations 03. Partial/moderate assistance 88. Not attempted due to medical conditions or safety concerns 02. Substantial/maximal assistance (-) Not assessed/no information 01. Dependent (GG0170G) G. Car transfer: The ability to transfer in and out of a car or van on the passenger side. Does not include the ability to open/close door or fasten seat belt. SOC/ROC Performance 06. Independent 07. Patient refused 05. Setup or clean-up assistance 09. Not applicable 04. Supervision or touching assistance 10. Not attempted due to environmental limitations 03. Partial/moderate assistance 88. Not attempted due to medical conditions or safety concerns 02. Substantial/maximal assistance (-) Not assessed/no information 01. Dependent (GG0170I) I. Walk 10 feet: Once standing, the ability to walk at least 10 feet in a room, corridor, or similar space. If SOC/ROC performance is coded 07, 09, 10 or 88, skip to GG0170M, 1 step (curb) SOC/ROC Performance 06. Independent 07. Patient refused 05. Setup or clean-up assistance 09. Not applicable 04. Supervision or touching assistance 10. Not attempted due to environmental limitations 03. Partial/moderate assistance 88. Not attempted due to medical conditions or safety concerns 02. Substantial/maximal assistance (-) Not assessed/no information F_CTL_69ab088a68c4fe9829782daf_0 FICZERI, JULIANNE I 125 I DOB: 10/22/1957 I N: 03/13/2026 19 of 26 01. Dependent (GG0170J) J. Walk 50 feet with two turns: Once standing, the ability to walk 50 feet and make two turns. SOC/ROC Performance 06. Independent 07. Patient refused 05. Setup or clean-up assistance 09. Not applicable 04. Supervision or touching assistance 10. Not attempted due to environmental limitations 03. Partial/moderate assistance 88. Not attempted due to medical conditions or safety concerns 02. Substantial/maximal assistance (-) Not assessed/no information 01. Dependent (GG0170K) K. Walk 150 feet: Once standing, the ability to walk at least 150 feet in a corridor or similar space. SOC/ROC Performance 06. Independent 07. Patient refused 05. Setup or clean-up assistance 09. Not applicable 04. Supervision or touching assistance 10. Not attempted due to environmental limitations 03. Partial/moderate assistance 88. Not attempted due to medical conditions or safety concerns 02. Substantial/maximal assistance (-) Not assessed/no information 01. Dependent (GG0170L) L. Walking 10 feet on uneven surfaces: The ability to walk 10 feet on uneven or sloping surfaces (indoor or outdoor), such as turf or gravel. SOC/ROC Performance 06. Independent 07. Patient refused 05. Setup or clean-up assistance 09. Not applicable 04. Supervision or touching assistance 10. Not attempted due to environmental limitations 03. Partial/moderate assistance 88. Not attempted due to medical conditions or safety concerns 02. Substantial/maximal assistance (-) Not assessed/no information 01. Dependent (GG0170M) M. 1 step (curb): The ability to go up and down a curb and/or up and down one step. If SOC/ROC performance is coded 07, 09, 10 or 88, skip to GG0170P, Picking up object. SOC/ROC Performance 06. Independent 07. Patient refused 05. Setup or clean-up assistance 09. Not applicable 04. Supervision or touching assistance 10. Not attempted due to environmental limitations 03. Partial/moderate assistance 88. Not attempted due to medical conditions or safety concerns 02. Substantial/maximal assistance (-) Not assessed/no information 01. Dependent (GG0170N) N. 4 steps: The ability to go up and down four steps with or without a rail. If SOC/ROC performance is coded 07, 09, 10 or 88, skip to GG0170P, Picking up object. SOC/ROC Performance 06. Independent 07. Patient refused 05. Setup or clean-up assistance 09. Not applicable 04. Supervision or touching assistance 10. Not attempted due to environmental limitations 03. Partial/moderate assistance 88. Not attempted due to medical conditions or safety concerns 02. Substantial/maximal assistance (-) Not assessed/no information 01. Dependent (GG0170O) O. 12 steps: The ability to go up and down 12 steps with or without a rail. SOC/ROC Performance 06. Independent 07. Patient refused 05. Setup or clean-up assistance 09. Not applicable 04. Supervision or touching assistance 10. Not attempted due to environmental limitations 03. Partial/moderate assistance 88. Not attempted due to medical conditions or safety concerns 02. Substantial/maximal assistance (-) Not assessed/no information 01. Dependent (GG0170P) P. Picking up object: The ability to bend/stoop from a standing position to pick up a small object, such as a spoon, from the floor. SOC/ROC Performance 06. Independent 07. Patient refused 05. Setup or clean-up assistance 09. Not applicable 04. Supervision or touching assistance 10. Not attempted due to environmental limitations 03. Partial/moderate assistance 88. Not attempted due to medical conditions or safety concerns 02. Substantial/maximal assistance (-) Not assessed/no information 01. Dependent (GG0170Q) Q. Does patient use a wheelchair and/or scooter? 0. No [GOTO M1600] 1. Yes Not assessed (no information) (GG0170R) R. Wheel 50 feet with two turns: Once seated in wheelchair/scooter, the ability to wheel at least 50 feet and make two turns. SOC/ROC Performance 06. Independent 07. Patient refused 05. Setup or clean-up assistance 09. Not applicable 04. Supervision or touching assistance 10. Not attempted due to environmental limitations 03. Partial/moderate assistance 88. Not attempted due to medical conditions or safety concerns 02. Substantial/maximal assistance (-) Not assessed/no information 01. Dependent (GG0170RR) RR1. Indicate the type of wheelchair or scooter used. SOC/ROC Performance 1. Manual 2. Motorized Not assessed (no information) (GG0170S) S. Wheel 150 feet: Once seated in wheelchair/scooter, the ability to wheel at least 150 feet in a corridor or similar space. SOC/ROC Performance 06. Independent 07. Patient refused 05. Setup or clean-up assistance 09. Not applicable 04. Supervision or touching assistance 10. Not attempted due to environmental limitations 03. Partial/moderate assistance 88. Not attempted due to medical conditions or safety concerns 02. Substantial/maximal assistance (-) Not assessed/no information 01. Dependent (GG0170SS) SS1. Indicate the type of wheelchair or scooter used. SOC/ROC Performance 1. Manual F_CTL_69ab088a68c4fe9829782daf_0 FICZERI, JULIANNE 125 I DOB: 10/22/1957 I N: 03/13/2026 20 of 26 2. Motorized Not assessed (no information) Gait and Mobility Abnormalities No Problems Identified Weakness Poor Balance Bed Bound Chair Bound Joint Stiffness Shuffling/Wide-based Gait Orthopedic Aftercare High Risk for Falls Weight Bearing Restriction Poor Conditioning Fracture: Joints Pain: Amputation: Atrophy: Paresthesia: Contractures: Site Foot Drop: Right Left Fall(s) since last visit (Specify): Weakness (Specify): NA RLE Change in ADL (Explain): Comments: Range of Motion Limited Range of Motion: RUE RLE LUE LLE Quadriplegia Hemiplegia Paraplegia Comments: knee ROM limited Grip Strength Normal Strong Weak Equal Unequal Bilateral Right Left Others (Specify): Grasp Strength Normal Strong Weak Equal Unequal Comments: DME and Supplies DME Lookup #18B ACTIVITIES PERMITTED 1- Complete bedrest 5 Exercises prescribed A Wheelchair 2 Bedrest/BRP 6 Partial weight bearing B Walker 3 Up as tolerated 7 Independent in home C No restrictions 4 Transfer bed/chair 8 Crutches D Other (specify) 9 - Cane ENDOCRINE (DIABETIC MANAGEMENT) Endocrine Is patient diabetic? Yes No Insulin dependent? Yes No How Long? Is patient independently able to draw up correct dose of insulin? Yes No N/A Is patient able to administer own insulin? Yes No N/A Is patient taking oral hypoglycemic agent? Yes No N/A Is patient independent with glucometer use? Yes No N/A Is caregiver able to draw up and administer insulin? Yes No N/A Is caregiver independent with glucometer use? Yes No N/A Does patient or caregiver routinely perform inspection of the patient's lower extremities? Yes No N/A Diabetic Management Diabetic Management Diet Hypoglycemic Exercise Insulin Insulin Administered By: N/A Caregivier Patient Skilled Nurse S&S of Hyperglycemia S&S of Hypoglycemia Polyuria Polyphagia Polydipsia Blurred Vision Perspiration Dizziness Irritability Pale Shakiness Fatigue Others (Specify): Others (Specify): Blood glucose range: Low to High (mg/dL): Comments: PLAN OF CARE AND PHYSICAL THERAPY EVALUATION F_CTL_69ab088a68c4fe9829782daf_0 FICZERI, JULIANNE I 125 DOB: 10/22/1957 N: 03/13/2026 21 of 26 Plan of Care Orders Orders and Treatment (Specify Frequency, Duration and Purpose of Visits): $484.60 (2.iv) SN Frequency: MSW Frequency: PT Frequency: 1x/wk X 1wk, 3x/wk X OT Frequency: 2wks, 2x/wk X 1wk HHA Frequency: ST Frequency Dietitian Frequency: ***MD SIGNATURE COVERS ALL PAGES*** ADMIT PATIENT TO STAR HOME HEALTH CARE INC. ALL DIAGNOSES AND MEDICATIONS VERIFIED WITH THE PRIMARY CARE PHYSICIAN. The patient is homebound as she requires intermittent skilled physical therapist services will also encompass assessments for potential complications, facilitate her rehabilitation, improve mobility, and restore function, which is crucial following her knee surgery. Given her medical history and the recent surgical intervention, home health care is medically necessary to ensure safe recovery, effective management of her post-operative care, and to support her functional rehabilitation in the comfort of her home. This comprehensive approach to her care aligns with Medicare's home health admission criteria, addressing both her clinical needs and promoting optimal recovery outcomes. Physician Order: ADMIT PATIENT TO STAR HOME HEALTH CARE INC. SERVICES FOR EPISODE 03/14/2026 - 05/12/2026. FREQUENCY AND DURATION: HH PT: 1 time a week for 1 week, 3 times a week for 2 weeks, and 2 times a week for 1 week for evaluation and treatment for mobility, gait, transfer, establish therapeutic exercise, strengthening, and fall prevention techniques training. WOUND CARE ORDER: Surgical wound at right knee: with knee vertical incision covered by waterproof bandage and non-removable dressing. Keep surgical wound dressing clean, dry, and intact until MD appointment. Muscle Strengthening ROM Evaluation Neck ACTION ROM STRENGTH RIGHT LEFT RIGHT LEFT Flexion Extension Lat Flexion Rotation Remarks: Shoulders ACTION ROM STRENGTH RIGHT LEFT RIGHT LEFT Flexion Extension Abduction Adduction Int Rot Ext Rot Remarks: Elbow ACTION ROM STRENGTH RIGHT LEFT RIGHT LEFT Flexion Extension Remarks: Forearm ACTION ROM STRENGTH RIGHT LEFT RIGHT LEFT Pronation Supination Remarks: Wrist ACTION ROM STRENGTH RIGHT LEFT RIGHT LEFT Flexion Extension Remarks: Fingers ACTION ROM STRENGTH RIGHT LEFT RIGHT LEFT Flexion Extension Remarks: Trunk ACTION ROM STRENGTH RIGHT LEFT RIGHT LEFT Extension Rotation Flexion Remarks: Hip ACTION ROM STRENGTH RIGHT LEFT RIGHT LEFT Flexion Extension Abduction Adduction Int Rot Ext Rot Remarks: F_CTL_69ab088a68c4fe9829782daf_0 FICZERI, JULIANNE I 125 I DOB: 10/22/1957 I N: 03/13/2026 22 of 26 Knee ACTION ROM STRENGTH RIGHT LEFT RIGHT LEFT Flexion 90 WFL 3- 5 Extension 5 WFL 3- 5 Remarks: Ankle ACTION ROM STRENGTH RIGHT LEFT RIGHT LEFT Plantar Flexion Dorsiflexion Inversion Eversion Remarks: Functional Mobility Independence Scale Key: (Dep, Max Assist, Mod Assist, Min Assist, CGA, SBA, Supervision, Mod Indep, Indep Not Applicable Not Tested) Bed Mobility Training Rolling Assist Level: Left Right Training/Intervention: Min Assist body mechanics Supine Sit Assist Level: Assistive Device: Training/Intervention: Min Assist sheets Sit - Supine Assist Level: Assistive Device: Training/Intervention: Min Assist sheets Impact of Intervention(s) on Functional Performance/Patient Response to Treatment: right TKA limiting activity Transfer Training Sit - Stand Assist Level: Assistive Device: Training/Intervention: Min Assist fww VC to increase step ht and stride length, TKE Stand Sit Assist Level: Assistive Device: Training/Intervention: Min Assist fww as above Bed Wheelchair Assist Level: Assistive Device: Training/Intervention: N/T Wheelchair Bed Assist Level: Assistive Device: Training/Intervention: N/T Toilet or BSC Assist Level: Assistive Device: Training/Intervention: Min Assist fww as above Tub or Shower Assist Level: Assistive Device: Training/Intervention: N/T Car/Van Assist Level: Assistive Device: Training/Intervention: N/T Impact of Intervention(s) on Functional Performance/Patient Response to Treatment: Gait Training Level Assist Level: Distance/Amount (Ft): Assistive Device: Training/Intervention: Min Assist 30 fww heel and toe pattern and TKE Unlevel Assist Level: Distance/Amount (Ft): Assistive Device: Training/Intervention: N/T Steps/Stairs Assist Level: Distance/Amount (Ft): Assistive Device: Training/Intervention: N/T Impact of Intervention(s) on Functional Performance/Patient Response to Treatment: right knee still stiff and sore, patient easily getting fatigued and light headed Weight Bearing Status: Training/Intervention: WBAT Wheelchair Mobility Level Assist Level: Training/Intervention: Unlevel Assist Level: Training/Intervention: Maneuver Assist Level: Training/Intervention: Impact of Intervention(s) on Functional Performance/Patient Response to Treatment: NT Balance Able to assume midline orientation Able to maintain midline orientation Sitting Assist Level: Supported Unsupported Verbal Cues: SBA Standing Assist Level: Assist Device: Tactile Cues: Min Assist With Without Impact of Intervention(s) on Functional Performance/Patient Response to Treatment: Identified Problems/Strengths Patient needs assistance with mobility exercises Patient requires gait training Patient needs assistance with therapeutic exercises Patient has limited range of motion Patient needs fall prevention strategies Patient requires assistance with adaptive equipment Patient needs further evaluation for physical therapy plan Provide further information: Patient Strength Motivated Learner Strong Support System Absence of Multiple Diagnosis Enhanced Socioeconomic Status Other: Conclusions Skilled Intervention Needed Skilled Instruction Needed No Skilled Service Needed Other: F_CTL_69ab088a68c4fe9829782daf_0 FICZERI, JULIANNE 125 DOB: 10/22/1957 I N: 03/13/2026 23 of 26 Training Exercises Exercise 1 Name of Exercise: Patient Participation: Patient Position: Resistance: Reps: Therapist Intervention: Exercise 2 Name of Exercise: Patient Participation: Patient Position: Resistance: Reps: Therapist Intervention: Exercise 3 Name of Exercise: Patient Participation: Patient Position: Resistance: Reps: Therapist Intervention: Exercise 4 Name of Exercise: Patient Participation: Patient Position: Resistance: Reps: Therapist Intervention: Exercise 5 Name of Exercise: Patient Participation: Patient Position: Resistance: Reps: Therapist Intervention: Exercise 6 Name of Exercise: Patient Participation: Patient Position: Resistance: Reps: Therapist Intervention: Exercise 7 Name of Exercise: Patient Participation: Patient Position: Resistance: Reps: Therapist Intervention: Exercise 8 Name of Exercise: Patient Participation: Patient Position: Resistance: Reps: Therapist Intervention: Rehabilitation Potential Rehabilitation potential is poor Rehabilitation potential is good Rehabilitation potential is fair Rehabilitation potential is excellent Others: Care Coordination Instructions during visit: Assess/Observe Injection Administration Catheter change IV Therapy Wound Care Teaching/Instructions Instructions Given to: Patient Caregiver Response to instructions: Verbalizes Demonstrate Need further Instructions Coordination of Care PT SN oT ST MD MSW HHA DON/DOPCS Clinical Coordinator Clinical Manager Others(Specify): PTA Paul Annison Physician Notified Re: Plan of Care, Goals, Frequency, Duration, and Direction Other Discipline Recommendations: oT ST MSW HHA Others (Specify): Reason: Discharge Plans Discharge when patient is independent in management of medical needs. Discharge when caregiver willing and able to manage all aspects of patient's care. Discharge to care of physician. Discharge when reliable caregiver available to assist with patient's medical needs. When patient knows when to notify physician. Able to stay in residence with primary caregiver's assistance or community agency's support. When goals are met. Written notice of discharge provided to patient Discharge scheduled for: mm/dd/yyyy - Discharge Plan Discussed with: Patient/Family Care Manager Physician Other (specify): Discharge Plan: To self-care when goals met To self care when max potential achieved To outpatient therapy with MD approval Others (Specify): Comments: PATIENT SUMMARY & CLINICAL NARRATIVE Summary The patient is a 68-year-old female referred for home health services following discharge from a short-stay acute hospital on March 12, 2026, after undergoing a right total knee arthroplasty. Care is under the direction of her physician, with a physical therapist completing the home health assessment on March 13, 2026. She is considered homebound due to post-surgical pain, weakness, limited endurance, and the need for an assistive device for mobility, making leaving the home a considerable and taxing effort. She requires assistance due to unsteady gait and poor balance, placing her at increased risk for falls. Skilled assessment findings indicate stable cardiopulmonary status with vital signs as follows: temperature 98.4°F, pulse 61 beats per minute, blood pressure 113/72 mmHg, and respiratory rate 18 breaths per minute. The surgical incision is covered with a non-removable dressing, with no signs of complications reported. Cognitive status is intact with a BIMS score of 15, and the patient is alert, oriented, and able to follow instructions appropriately. She denies psychosocial distress and demonstrates adequate coping and support within the home environment. Functionally, the patient requires varying levels of assistance with activities of daily living, including substantial help for lower body dressing, bathing, toileting, transfers, and ambulation. She uses a walker for mobility and participates in exercises as tolerated, though endurance and strength remain limited. She resides with a caregiver who provides support, though additional guidance is indicated to ensure safe care at home. The patient is prescribed opioid medication for pain control and demonstrates understanding of proper use. Continued skilled home health services are warranted to address post-surgical recovery, improve functional mobility, reduce fall risk, and support safe progression toward independence. F_CTL_69ab088a68c4fe9829782daf_0 FICZERI, JULIANNE I 125 I DOB: 10/22/1957 I N: 03/13/2026 24 of 26 CARE PLAN (PROBLEMS I INTERVENTIONS) Patient Care Plan I Goals Interventions: Problem: PT HEP Instruction The patient requires 50% assist to complete HEP at this time Others Goals: Target Completion: 30 Day(s) Term: Short-term Status: Unmet Patient to be independent and compliant with HEP 90% or better to further progress gains made with skilled HH PT. Interventions: Assigned Staff: PT REinforcement of HEP with focus on safety and accuracy of exercise performance. Progress Toward Goals: Date: 2026-03-17 Source: Visit Note-PTA G0157 15 Minutes = 1 Unit Education Status: Educated Patient I Response Complete Understanding Progress: Pt is slowly improving toward goal. Date: 2026-03-18 Source: Visit Note-PTA G0157 15 Minutes = 1 Unit Education Status: Educated Patient I Response Complete Understanding Progress: Pt is slowly improving toward goal. Date: 2026-03-24 Source: Visit Note-PT Visit G0151 15 Minutes = 1 Unit Education Status: Educated Patient I Response Complete Understanding Progress: HEP reviewed and 40% improvement noted Date: 2026-03-25 Source: Visit Note-PTA G0157 15 Minutes = 1 Unit Education Status: Educated Patient I Response - Complete Understanding Progress: Pt is slowly improving toward goal. Problem: PT Transfer Training The patient currently requires _min -mod assist for sit-stand transfers when asked to complete motion without UE support. Others Goals: Target Completion: 30 Day(s) Term: Short-term Status: Unmet Patient to transfer from different heights and surfaces to chair/toilet/bed/car mod independent or better Interventions: Assigned Staff: PT Thera exercises for strengthening of Right LE to allow safe and efficient transfers Progress Toward Goals: Date: 2026-03-17 Source: Visit Note-PTA G0157 15 Minutes = 1 Unit Education Status: Educated Patient I Response Complete Understanding Progress: Pt is slowly improving toward goal. Date: 2026-03-18 Source: Visit Note-PTA G0157 15 Minutes = 1 Unit Education Status: Educated Patient Response - Complete Understanding Progress: Pt is slowly improving toward goal. Date: 2026-03-24 Source: Visit Note-PT Visit G0151 15 Minutes = 1 Unit Education Status: Educated Patient I Response Needs Re-education Progress: 50 % improvement in transfer skills Problem: Decreased Strength Right knee flexors and extensors 3-/5 Goals: Target Completion: 30 Day(s) Term: Short-term Status: Unmet Increase MMT right knee flexors and extensors 1/2 grade or better to improve transfers, standing and walking activities. Interventions: Assigned Staff: PT Thera exercises to Right knee including AROM to PREs with tbands or ankle weights. Progress Toward Goals: Date: 2026-03-17 Source: Visit Note-PTA G0157 15 Minutes = 1 Unit Education Status: Educated Patient I Response Complete Understanding Progress: Pt is slowly improving toward goal. Date: 2026-03-18 Source: Visit Note-PTA G0157 15 Minutes = 1 Unit Education Status: Educated Patient I Response Complete Understanding Progress: Pt is slowly improving toward goal. Date: 2026-03-24 Source: Visit Note-PT Visit G0151 15 Minutes = 1 Unit Education Status: Educated Patient I Response Needs Re-education Progress: 40% improvement in MMT of right knee flexors and extensors Date: 2026-03-25 Source: Visit Note-PTA G0157 15 Minutes = 1 Unit Education Status: Educated Patient I Response Complete Understanding Progress: Pt is slowly improving toward goal. Problem: Right knee ROM 5-90 degrees flexion. Goals: Target Completion: 30 Day(s) Term: Short-term Status: Unmet Patient to be able to achieve right knee flexion/extension 0-110 degrees or better in 30 days. Interventions: Assigned Staff: PT KNee ROM activities to include static/dynamic stretching to achieve goal ROM for the right knee Progress Toward Goals: Date: 2026-03-17 Source: Visit Note-PTA G0157 15 Minutes = 1 Unit Education Status: Educated Patient I Response Complete Understanding Progress: Pt is slowly improving toward goal. Date: 2026-03-18 Source: Visit Note-PTA G0157 15 Minutes = 1 Unit Education Status: Educated Patient I Response Complete Understanding Progress: Pt is slowly improving toward goal. Date: 2026-03-24 Source: Visit Note-PT Visit G0151 15 Minutes = 1 Unit Education Status: Educated Patient I Response Complete Understanding, Needs Re-education Progress: 95 degrees flrxion and 0 degrees right knee extension Date: 2026-03-25 Source: Visit Note-PTA G0157 15 Minutes = 1 Unit Education Status: Educated Patient Response Complete Understanding Progress: Pt is slowly improving toward goal. Problem: Patient with limited ambulation of 30 feet with FWW and min assistance over even surfaces. Goals: Target Completion: 30 Day(s) Term: Short-term Status: Unmet Patient to be able to ambulate 300 feet or better with mod ind and least restrictive ad over community surfaces in 30 days. Interventions: Assigned Staff: PT skilled gait training with AD and with focus on heel and toe pattern, increasing step ht and stride length especially RLE/knee. Progress Toward Goals: Date: 2026-03-17 Source: Visit Note-PTA G0157 15 Minutes = 1 Unit Education Status: Educated Patient I Response - Complete Understanding Progress: Pt is slowly improving toward goal. F_CTL_69ab088a68c4fe9829782daf_0 FICZERI, JULIANNE I 125 I DOB: 10/22/1957 I N: 03/13/2026 25 of 26 Date: 2026-03-18 Source: Visit Note-PTA G0157 15 Minutes = 1 Unit Education Status: Educated Patient I Response - Complete Understanding Progress: Pt is slowly improving toward goal. Date: 2026-03-24 Source: Visit Note-PT Visit G0151 15 Minutes = 1 Unit Education Status: Educated Patient I Response Complete Understanding, Needs Re-education Progress: Patient is now ambulating 250 feet with FWW/spc over indoor and outdoor surfaces, CGA-SBA Date: 2026-03-25 Source: Visit Note-PTA - G0157 15 Minutes = 1 Unit Education Status: Educated Patient I Response - Complete Understanding Progress: Pt is slowly improving toward goal. Ongoing Care Plans within OASIS date (03/13/2026): Assigned Staff: Chua, Sean PT Electronically Signed by Chua, Sean PT 03/13/2026 F_CTL_69ab088a68c4fe9829782daf_0 FICZERI, JULIANNE I 125 I DOB: 10/22/1957 I N: 03/13/2026 26 of 26
