yo Star Home Health Care Inc OASIS 2415 E CAMELBACK RD STE 700706 PHOENIX AZ 85016 Phone: (480)931-6009 Fax: NPI: 1326705476 STAFF INFO OASIS Assessment: OASIS E1 - START OF CARE Name: Townsend, Lakendra RN Patient INFO Name: THOMPSON, JEAN DOB: 1937-08-16 ADMINISTRATIVE INFORMATION (M0010) Agency Medicare Provider Number (M0014) Branch State 037834 Branch State: Arizona (M0016) Branch ID Number (M0018) Attending Physician (NPI) (M0020) Patient ID number 1154712057 63 Physician: (M0030) Start of Care Date MORALES, ALEXANDER 01/24/2026 Address: 3940 E MELINDA DR PHOENIX AZ 85050 (M0032) Resumption of Care Date Not Applicable mm/dd/yyyy Not Applicable (M0040) Patient Name First Name: Middle Name: Last Name: Suffix: JEAN THOMPSON (M0050) Patient State of Residence (M0060) Patient Zip Code State of Residence: Arizona 85224 (M0063) Medicare Number (M0064) Social Security Number 3Q03E99DG13 Not Applicable Not Applicable (M0065) Medicaid Number Not Applicable (M0066) Birth Date * (M0069) Gender * 08/16/1937 Gender: Female (M0080) Discipline Completing Assessment: (M0090) Date Assessment Completed: 1. RN 2. PT 3. SLP/ST 4. oT 01/24/2026 - Assigned Staff: Townsend, Lakendra RN (M0100) Assessment Reason 1. Start of Care (A1005) Ethnicity Are you of Hispanic, Latino/a, or Spanish origin? Check all that apply A. No, not of Hispanic, Latino/a, or Spanish origin E. Yes, Another Hispanic, Latino, or Spanish origin B. Yes, Mexican, Mexican American, Chicano/a X. Patient unable to respond C. Yes, Puerto Rican Y. Patient declines to respond D. Yes, Cuban (A1010) Race What is your race? A. White F. Filipino J. Other Asian N. Other Pacific Islander B. Black or African American G. Japanese K. Native Hawaiian X. Patient unable to respond C. American Indian or Alaska Native H. Korean L. Guamanian or Chamorro Y. Patient declines to respond D. Asian Indian I. Vietnamese M. Samoan Z. None of the above E. Chinese (A1110) Language A. What is your preferred language? B. Do you need or want an interpreter to communicate with a doctor or health care staff? english 0 No 1 Yes 9 - Unable to determine (M0102) Date of Physician-ordered Start of Care (Resumption of Care) (M0104) Date of Referral: If the physician indicated a specific start of care (resumption of care) date when the Indicate the date that the written or verbal referral for initiation or resumption of care was patient was referred for home health services, record the date specified. received by the HHA: Skip to A1250, Transportation, if date entered: 01/23/2026 mm/dd/yyyy NA No specific SOC/ROC date ordered by physician F_CTL_6973bdd1eefe1e773f0d5c6e_0 THOMPSON, JEAN I 63 I DOB: 08/16/1937 I N: 01/24/2026 1 of 25 (M0150) Current Payment Sources for Home Care: (Mark all that apply.) 0. None; no charge for current services 6. Title programs (for example, Title III, V, or XX) 1. Medicare (Traditional fee-for-service) 7. Other government (for example, TriCare, VA) 2. Medicare (HMO/managed care/Advantage plan) 8. Private insurance 3. Medicaid (Traditional fee-for-service) 9. Private HMO/managed care 4. Medicaid (HMO/managed care) 10. Self-pay 5. Worker's compensation 11. Other (Specify): UK - Unknown (A1250) Transportation Has lack of transportation kept you from medical appointments, meetings, work, or from getting things needed for daily living? A. Yes, it has kept me from medical appointments or from getting my medications B. Yes, it has kept me from non-medical meetings, appointments, work, or from getting things that I need C. No X. Patient unable to respond Y. Patient declines to respond (M1000) Inpatient Facilities that patient was discharged within the past 14 days? (Mark all that apply.) 1. Long-term nursing facility (NF) 5. Inpatient rehabilitation hospital or unit (IRF) 2. Skilled nursing facility (SNF/TCU) 6. Psychiatric hospital or unit 3. Short-stay acute hospital (IPPS) 7. Other (specify): 4. Long-term care hospital (LTCH) NA Patient was not discharged from an inpatient facility [Go to M1021] (M1005) Inpatient Discharge Date (most recent): 01/23/2026 UK - Unknown Primary Reason for Home Health/Medical Necessity: Jean Laverne Thompson is an 88-year-old female with a primary diagnosis of a left patella fracture following a mechanical fall, resulting in significant pain and functional limitations. She also has a history of atrial fibrillation, benign essential hypertension, congestive heart failure, diabetes, and hyperlipidemia. Following her recent orthopedic surgery for an open reduction and internal fixation (ORIF) of the left patella, her functional status has significantly declined, requiring assistance with activities of daily living (ADLs) and mobility. Prior to her hospitalization, she was living independently with her spouse but now requires moderate assistance with transfers and ambulation, as well as supervision for toileting activities. The patient is considered homebound because she of status post open reduction and internal fixation (ORIF) of the left patella following a ground-level fall. She presents with significant mobility impairments including the need for a walker and assistance from another person to safely leave the home. The patient experiences weakness, poor balance, joint stiffness, and high risk for falls, which severely limit her ability to ambulate independently. Due to pain and functional limitations in the left lower extremity, ambulation is strenuous and requires extended rest periods for recovery. Additionally, the patient demonstrates dyspnea on minimal exertion, which further contributes to the taxing effort required to leave the home. Homebound Reason Document as Clinical Narrative Patient is not Homebound Criteria One (One must be met): Describe what assistive devices the patient is dependent on (if any) and specifically why the patient condition warrants the special transportation or the assistance of another person or describe the condition that makes leaving home medically contraindicated. Criteria 1 A: Because of illness or injury Patient needs the aid of supportive devices Crutches Cane Manual Wheel Chair Walker Motorized Wheelchair Scooter Patient Needs the use of special transportation. Patient needs the assistance of another person to leave the place of residence Criteria 1 B: Has a condition such as leaving his or her home is medically contraindicated. Status post surgery Angina upon minimal exertion Immuno deficiency Other Homebound Reason : open reduction and internal fixation (ORIF) of the left patella on 1/7/2026. Criteria Two (Both must be met) Criteria 2 A: There must be exist a normal inability to leave home. Dyspnea on minimal exertion Bedbound Chair bound Dementia Blindness Angina upon minimal exertion Paralysis Quadprilegic or Paraplegic or Hemiplegia Unable to tolerate standing or walking for extended periods Weakness and pain from recent surgery Experiencing pain impairs/restricts mobility Visually impaired-requires constant attendance/assist Balance impaired with potential for falls; uses walls and furniture to ambulate Cognitively impaired, unable to safely leave home without assist Leaving home is exhausting, extended rest periods to recover Infectious disease process causing weakness and exhaustion Extended respiratory recovery after exertion Narcotics impaired ability to safely leave home unassisted Requires human assist due to unsteady gait/poor balance Bedbound and requires EMS support F_CTL_6973bdd1eefe1e773f0d5c6e_0 THOMPSON, JEAN I 63 I DOB: 08/16/1937 I N: 01/24/2026 2 of 25 Other Homebound Reason : Criteria 2 B: Leaving home must require a considerable and taxing effort Special transportation Requires assistive device to ambulate Severe pain on ambulation Exhausting to navigate vehicle and require human assist Leaving familiar environment causes fear and confusion Requires assist to manage equipment and public transportation Leaving home is strenous requiring extended rest to recover Needs assistance to handle and transport equipment Fatigue to arrange/use appropriate transportation Activities restricted due to pain limitations Other Homebound Reason : Prognosis 1-Poor 2-Guarded 3-Fair 4-Good 5-Excellent Functional Limitations 1 - Amputation 4 Hearing 7- Ambulation A Dyspnea with minimal exertion 2- Bowel/Bladder (Incontinence) 5 - Paralysis 8 - Speech 3 - Contracture 6 - Endurance 9 - Legally blind B- Other (Specify) Emergency Preparedness: Patient was educated and informed of emergency preparedness procedures, which includes actions to take in the event of a natural disaster, power outage, or medical emergency. Emergency contact information and evacuation planning were also showed to the patient. An emergency preparedness booklet was provided and left in the home for patient reference, and the patient verbalized understanding Acuity Level: Emergency Triage: Medium Risk or Medium Priority Category 2 - Not life threatening but would suffer severe adverse effect Additional Emergency Preparedness Information Needs assistance during an emergency Contact made with local/state emergency preparedness officials regarding patient in need of help during an evacuation Medical Needs/Equipment (i.e. bedbound, oxygen, vent, IV cardiac meds other DME) Comments: Advance Directives Patient has Advance Directives? Yes No If you have checked "yes", fill the following fields: Healthcare Representative Conservator Assigned > > Do Not Resuscitate Organ Donor > > Power of Attorney Funeral Arrangements Made Education Needed > > Living Will Full Code Education Needed > Copies to Follow > The patient has not executed any advance directives to health care. The patient was provided with written and verbal information on advance directives. Comments: Power of Attorney Additional Info: Has surrogate? Yes No Surrogate Name: Surrogate Phone: Cultural Primary Language? English Spanish Chinese Vietnamese Other: Is religion important to the patient? Yes No Patient's religious preference: n/a Patient's primary source of emotional support: family Past Medical History (Mark all that apply) CHF Cardiomyopathy Arrhythmia Chest Pain MI CAD HTN PVD Murmur Cancer: (Specify Type): In remission? Yes No Osteoathritis/DJD: (Specify site affected): Joint Replacement: (Specify joint): Rheumatoid Arthritis Gait Problems Fractures Falls F_CTL_6973bdd1eefe1e773f0d5c6e_0 THOMPSON, JEAN I 63 I DOB: 08/16/1937 I N: 01/24/2026 3 of 25 CVA TIA MS Hemiplegia Seizures Headaches Dizziness/Vertigo IBS Crohn's Disease Diverticulitis/Diverticulosis Constipation Diarrhea Fecal Incontinence Liver/Gallbladder Problems: (Specify): Depression Anxiety Dementia Substance Abuse: (Specify): Alzheimer's Mental Disorder: (Specify): Pressure Ulcer Stasis Ulcer Diabetic Ulcer Trauma Wound (Specify): Other: surgical wound at left knee healed, hyperlipidemia, GERD Chronic Kidney Disease Renal Failure Dialysis Anemia Abnormal Coagulation Blood Clots Diabetes Thyroid Problems COPD Asthma Emphysema Chronic Obstructive Bronchitis Chronic Obstructive Asthma Urinary Incontinence Urinary Retention BPH Recent/Frequent UTI Tuberculosis Hepatitis: (Specify): Infectious Disease: (Specify): Tobacco Dependence Type: Amount: Length of Time Used: Past Surgical History: Health Screening Last Cholesterol Level: Last Mammogram: mm/dd/yyyy mm/dd/yyyy Does patient perform monthly self breast exam? Yes No Last Pap Smear: Last PSA: mm/dd/yyyy mm/dd/yyyy Last Prostate Exam: Last Colonoscopy: mm/dd/yyyy mm/dd/yyyy (M1100) Patient Living Situation. Which of the following best describes the patient's residential circumstance and availability of assistance? Living Arrangement Around the clock Regular daytime Regular Night time Short-term Assistance No Assistance available Patient Lives Patient Lives alone around Patient Lives alone Patient Lives alone Patient Lives alone No A. Patient lives alone the clock alone Regular Regular Night time Short-term Assistance Assistance available daytime Patient lives with Patient lives with Patient lives with other Patient lives with other Patient lives with other B. Patient lives with other other person(s) in other person(s) in person(s) in the home person(s) in the home person(s) in the home person(s) in the home No Around the clock the home Regular the home Regular Short-term Assistance Assistance available daytime Night time Patient lives in congregate Patient lives in C. Patient lives in congregate situation (for example, Patient lives in Patient lives in situation (for example, assisted assisted living, residential Regular daytime congregate congregate situation congregate situation No living, residential care home) care home) around the situation Regular Short-term Assistance Assistance available clock Night time Caregiver Contact Info: Primary Caregiver: Relationship to Patient Contact Number William Thompson spouse Comments: TWYLA SEAMSTER (Daughter) 602-816-0413 Name of Facility: Able to safely care for patient? Yes No Phone: ACTIVE DIAGNOSES (M1021/1023) Diagnoses and Symptom Control List each diagnosis for which the patient is receiving home care in Column 1, and enter its ICD-10-CM code at the level of highest specificity in Column 2 (diagnosis codes only no surgical or procedure codes allowed). Diagnoses are listed in the order that best reflects the seriousness of each condition and supports the disciplines and services provided. Rate the degree of symptom control for each condition in Column 2. ICD-10-CM sequencing requirements must be followed if multiple coding is indicated for any diagnoses. Code each row according to the following directions for each column: Column 1: Enter the description of the diagnosis. Sequencing of diagnoses should reflect the seriousness of each condition and support the disciplines and services provided. Column 2: Enter the ICD-10-CM code for the condition described in Column 1 no surgical or procedure codes allowed. Codes must be entered at the level of highest specificity and ICD-10-CM coding rules and sequencing requirements must be followed. Note that external cause codes (ICD-10-CM codes beginning with V, W, X, or Y) may not be reported in M1021 (Primary Diagnosis) but may be reported in M1023 (Secondary Diagnoses). Also note that when a Z-code is reported in Column 2: the code for the underlying condition can often be entered in Column 2, as long as it is an active on-going condition impacting home health care. Rate the degree of symptom control for the condition listed in Column 1. Do not assign a symptom control rating if the diagnosis code is a V, W,X,Y or Z-code. Choose one value that represents the degree of symptom control appropriate for each diagnosis using the following scale: 0 Asymptomatic, no treatment needed at this time 1 Symptoms well controlled with current therapy 2- Symptoms controlled with difficulty, affecting daily functioning; patient needs ongoing monitoring 3 Symptoms poorly controlled; patient needs frequent adjustment in treatment and dose monitoring 4 Symptoms poorly controlled; history of re-hospitalizations Note that the rating for symptom control in Column 2 should not be used to determine the sequencing of the diagnoses listed in Column 1. These are separate items and sequencing may not coincide. F_CTL_6973bdd1eefe1e773f0d5c6e_0 THOMPSON, JEAN I 63 I DOB: 08/16/1937 I N: 01/24/2026 4 of 25 OASIS IS ALREADY EXPORTED, PRIMARY DIAGNOSIS AND OTHER DIAGNOSIS FROM 1 TO 5 ARE NOW DISABLED 0 Onset Date PRIMARY DIAGNOSIS Severity 01/24/2026 S82.002D Unsp fracture of left patella, subs for clos fx W routn heal 0 1 2 3 4 ^ Onset Exacerbate OTHER DIAGNOSIS - 1 Onset Date Severity 01/24/2026 I11.0 - Hypertensive heart disease with heart failure 0 1 2 3 4 ^ Onset Exacerbate Onset Date OTHER DIAGNOSIS - 2 Severity 01/24/2026 150.9 - Heart failure, unspecified 0 1 2 3 4 ^ Onset Exacerbate Onset Date OTHER DIAGNOSIS - 3 Severity 01/24/2026 148.91 - Unspecified atrial fibrillation 0 1 2 3 4 ^ Onset Exacerbate Onset Date OTHER DIAGNOSIS 4 Severity 01/24/2026 E11.9 Type 2 diabetes mellitus without complications 0 1 2 3 4 ^ Onset Exacerbate OTHER DIAGNOSIS - 5 Onset Date Severity 01/24/2026 E78.5 - Hyperlipidemia, unspecified 0 1 2 3 4 ^ Onset Exacerbate K21.9 Gastro-esophageal reflux disease Onset Date Severity without esophagitis 01/24/2026 0 1 2 3 4 ^ Onset Exacerbate Z79.01 Long term (current) use of Onset Date Severity anticoagulants mm/dd/yyyy 0 1 2 3 4 ^ Onset Exacerbate Z79.84 Long term (current) use of oral Onset Date Severity hypoglycemic drugs 01/24/2026 0 1 2 3 4 ^ Onset Exacerbate Z91.81 History of falling Onset Date Severity 01/24/2026 0 1 2 3 4 ^ Onset Exacerbate (M1028) Active Diagnoses - Comorbidities and Co-existing Conditions - Check all that apply See OASIS Guidance Manual for a complete list of relevant ICD-10 codes. 1. Peripheral Vascular Disease (PVD) or Peripheral Arterial Disease (PAD) F_CTL_6973bdd1eefe1e773f0d5c6e_0 THOMPSON, JEAN I 63 I DOB: 08/16/1937 I N: 01/24/2026 5 of 25 2. Diabetes Mellitus (DM) 3. None of the above VITAL SIGNS & PAIN ASSESSMENT (M1060) Height and Weight While measuring, if the number is X.1-X.4 round down; X.5 or greater round up A. Height (in inches). Record most recent height measure since the most recent SOC/ROC: 64 B. Weight (in pounds). Base weight on most recent measure in last 30 days; measure weight consistently, according to standard agency practice (for example, in a.m. after voiding, before meal, with shoes off, etc.: 132 BMI: 22.66 Comments: Vital Signs Temperature: 97.6 Temporal Pulse (per minute): Apical = Radial = 70 Respiratory (per minute): 16 Weight: 132 reported Blood Pressure mm/Hg (R): / Blood Pressure mm/Hg (L): 114 / 73 sitting Blood Sugar (mg/dl): Non-Fasting O2 Sat: 95 O2 Sat in: Room Air Comments: Pain Assessment Wong-Baker FACES® Pain Rating Scale Numeric Rating Scale OO 00 00 0 2 4 6 8 10 0 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 9 10 No Hurts Hurts Hurts Hurts Hurts No Moderate Worst Hurt Little Bit Little More Even More Whole Lot Worst Pain Pain Possible ©1983 Wong-Baker FACES Foundation www.WongBakerFACES.org Pain Used with permission. 0 Collected Using: Face Scale Numeric Rating Scale Pain Location and Description: Comments: Denies pain at this visit (J0510) Pain Effect on Sleep Ask patient: "Over the past 5 days, how much of the time has pain made it hard for you to sleep at night" 0. Does not apply I have not had any pain or hurting in the past 5 days 3. Frequently 1. Rarely or not at all 4. Almost constantly 2. Occasionally 8. Unable to answer (J0520) Pain Interference with Therapy Activities Ask patient: "Over the past 5 days, how often have you limited your participation in rehabilitation therapy sessions due to pain?" 0. Does not apply I have not received rehabilitation therapy in the past 5 days 3. Frequently 1. Rarely or not at all 4. Almost constantly 2. Occasionally 8. Unable to answer (J0530) Pain Interference with Day-to-Day Activities Ask patient: "Over the past 5 days, how often you have limited your day-to-day activities (excluding rehabilitation therapy session) because of pain?" 1. Rarely or not at all 3. Frequently 2. Occasionally 4. Almost Constantly 8. Unable to answer MEDICATION & ALLERGIES (INJECTABLE MEDICATIONS) (N0415) High-Risk Drug Classes: Use and Indication: 1. Is Taking 2. Indication Noted 1. Is taking Check if the patient is taking any medications by pharmacological 2. Indication noted If Column 1 is checked, check if there is an indication classification, not how it is used, in the following classes noted for all medications in the drug class A. Antipsychotic E. Anticoagulant F. Antibiotic H. Opioid I. Antiplatelet J. Hypoglycemic (including insulin) Z. None of the Above Medication Start Date Medication Strength I Dosage / Frequency Route Classification/Indication Status 01/24/2026 Vitamin D3 50mcg 1 tab Once a day oral VITAMIN SUPPLEMENT / Old 01/24/2026 ELIQUIS 2.5 mg 1 Tab Twice a day By mouth ANTICOAGULANTS / New F_CTL_6973bdd1eefe1e773f0d5c6e_0 THOMPSON, JEAN I 63 I DOB: 08/16/1937 I N: 01/24/2026 6 of 25 Start Date Strength I Dosage I Frequency Route Classification/Indication Status 01/24/2026 TOPROL 50 mg 24 HR XR Tab Once a day By mouth BETA BLOCKERS/RELATED / New 01/24/2026 Omeprazole 20mg 1 tab Before Meals oral PROTON PUMP INHIBITOR (PPI) / Old 01/24/2026 Losartan (Oral Pill) 50 mg 1 Tab Once a day By mouth ANGIOTENSIN II INHIBITOR / New 01/24/2026 Atorvastatin (Oral Pill) 10 mg 1 Tab Once a day By mouth ANTILIPEMIC AGENTS / New 01/24/2026 JANUVIA 100 mg 1 Tab Once a day By mouth ORAL HYPOGLYCEMIC AGENTS,ORAL / New 01/24/2026 Solifenacin (Oral Pill) 10 mg 1 Tab with dinner By mouth ANTISPASMODICS,URINARY / New Medication Remarks Medication remarks Discontinued Medications Start Date Medication Strength I Dose I Frequency I Route Classification/Indication Laboratory Status Disc Date Remarks IV Does patient have IV access? Yes No (M2001) Drug Regimen Review Did a complete drug regimen review identify potential clinically significant medication issues? 0. No - No issues found during review [Go to M2010, Patient/Caregiver High-Risk Drug Education] 1. Yes - Issues found during review Not assessed/no information 9. NA - Patient is not taking any medications [Go to 00110, Special Treatments, Procedures, and Programs] (M2003) Medication Follow-up Did the agency contact a physician (or physician-designee) by midnight of the next calendar day and complete prescribed/recommended actions in response to the identified potential clinically significant medication issues? 0. No 1. Yes Not assessed/no information (M2010) Patient/Caregiver High-Risk Drug Education Has the patient/caregiver received instruction on special precautions for all high-risk medications (such as hypoglycemics, anticoagulants, etc.) and how and when to report problems that may occur? 0. No 1. Yes NA Patient not taking any high-risk drugs OR patient/caregiver fully knowledgeable about special precautions associated with all high-risk medications (M2020) Management of Oral Medications Patient's current ability to prepare and take all oral medications reliably and safely, including administration of the correct dosage at the appropriate times/intervals. Excludes injectable and IV medications. (NOTE: This refers to ability, not compliance or willingness.) 0. Able to independently take the correct oral medication(s) and proper dosage(s) at the correct times. 1. Able to take medication(s) at the correct times if: (a) individual dosages are prepared in advance by another person; OR (b) another person develops a drug diary or chart. 2. Able to take medication(s) at the correct times if given reminders by another person at the appropriate times. 3. Unable to take medication unless administered by another person NA No oral medications prescribed (M2030) Management of Injectable Medications Patient's current ability to prepare and take all prescribed injectable medications reliably and safely, including administration of correct dosage at the appropriate times/intervals. Excludes IV medications. 0. Able to independently take the correct medication(s) and proper dosage(s) at the correct times 1. Able to take injectable medication(s) at the correct times if: a. individual syringes are prepared in advance by another person; OR b. another person develops a drug diary or chart. 2. Able to take medication(s) at the correct times if given reminders by another person based on the frequency of the injection 3. Unable to take injectable medication unless administered by another person NA No injectable medications prescribed. (00110) Special Treatments, Procedures, and Programs Check all of the following treatments, procedures, and programs that apply at discharge. On Admission (Check All That Apply) Cancer Treatment A1. Chemotherapy A2. IV A3. Oral A10. Other B1. Radiation Respiratory Therapies C1. Oxygen Therapy C2. Continuous C3. Intermittent C4. High-Concentration D1. Suctioning F_CTL_6973bdd1eefe1e773f0d5c6e_0 THOMPSON, JEAN I 63 I DOB: 08/16/1937 N: 01/24/2026 7 of 25 D2. Scheduled D3. As needed E1. Tracheostomy Care F1. Invasive Mechanical Ventilator G1. Non-invasive Mech. Vent. G2. BiPAP G3. CPAP Others H1. IV Medications H2. Vasoactive medications H3. Antibiotics H4. Anticoagulation H10. Other I1. Transfusions J1. Dialysis J2. Hemodialysis J3. Peritoneal dialysis 01. IV Access O2. Peripheral O3. Mid-line O4. Central (e.g., PICC, tunneled, port) Z1. None of the Above Most Recent Immunizations Pneumonia Yes No Unknown Date: mm/dd/yyyy Flu Yes No Unknown Date: mm/dd/yyyy Tetanus Yes No Unknown Date: mm/dd/yyyy TB Yes No Unknown Date: mm/dd/yyyy TB Exposure Yes No Unknown Date: mm/dd/yyyy Hepatitis B Yes No Unknown Date: mm/dd/yyyy Additional Immunizations Immunization Name: Yes No Unknown Date: mm/dd/yyyy Immunization Name: Yes No Unknown Date: mm/dd/yyyy Comments: Vaccination Record 1st Dose COVID-19 Product Name/Manufacturer (Lot No.): Date: Healthcare Professional or Clinic Site: mm/dd/yyyy 2nd Dose COVID-19 Product Name/Manufacturer (Lot No.): Date: Healthcare Professional or Clinic Site: mm/dd/yyyy Booster 1 Product Name/Manufacturer (Lot No.): Date: Healthcare Professional or Clinic Site: F_CTL_6973bdd1eefe1e773f0d5c6e_0 THOMPSON, JEAN I 63 I DOB: 08/16/1937 I N: 01/24/2026 8 of 25 mm/dd/yyyy Booster 2 Product Name/Manufacturer (Lot No.): Date: Healthcare Professional or Clinic Site: mm/dd/yyyy Allergies Name Reaction Start Date Add Allergies Aspirin unknown mm/dd/yyyy Augmentin unknown mm/dd/yyyy Benzonatate unknown mm/dd/yyyy Codeine unknown mm/dd/yyyy Keflex unknown mm/dd/yyyy Metformin unknown mm/dd/yyyy Phenazopyridine unknown mm/dd/yyyy NEUROLOGICAL (HEAD, MOOD, EYES, EARS) Neuro/Emotional/Behavioral Assessment Conditions of Participation Neuromascular Impairment: No Problems identified Speech Hearing Visual Tremors Numbness Tingling Vertigo Ataxia Decreased Sensitivity Others (Specify): Psychosocial WNL (Within Normal Limits) Poor Home Environment Agitated Impaired Decision Making Inappropriate Behavior Poor Coping Skills Depressed Mood Demonstrated/Expressed Anxiety Irritability Document as Clinical Narrative Educational level Primary Language English Unable to: Read Write Barriers: Language Learning Needs interpreter Mental Psychosocial Physical Functional Emotions Reported: Angry Flat affect Discouraged Difficulty coping Withdrawn Disorganized Depressed Recent Long Term Treatment: Evidence of abuse/neglect/exploitation: Potential Actual Verbal/Emotional Financial Physical No Evidence of Abuse/Neglect/Exploitation Unable to cope with altered health status, patient: Lacks motivation Has unrealistic expectations Denies problems Unable to recognize problems Sleep/Rest Adequate Inadequate No. of hours slept per night: 7 Comments Spiritual / Cultural implications that impact care F_CTL_6973bdd1eefe1e773f0d5c6e_0 THOMPSON, JEAN I 63 I DOB: 08/16/1937 I N: 01/24/2026 9 of 25 Spiritual resource Inappropriate responses to caregivers/clinician Inappropriate follow-through in past Did patient drive a vehicle before admission? Yes No NA Did the patient have a job before admission? Yes No If yes, do they want to drive post-discharge? Yes No If yes, do they want to return to work post-discharge? Yes No (B1300) Health Literacy How often do you need to have someone help you when you read instructions, pamphlets, or other written material from your doctor or pharmacy? 0. Never 4. Always 1. Rarely 7. Patient declines to respond 2. Sometimes 8. Patient unable to respond 3. Often (C0100) Should Brief Interview for Mental Status (C0200-C0500) be Conducted? Attempt to conduct interview with all patients. No (patient is rarely/never understood) Yes Not assessed/no information Brief Interview for Mental Status (BIMS) (C0200) Repetition of Three Words Ask patient: "I am going to say three words for you to remember. Please repeat the words after I have said all three. The words are: SOCK BLUE and BED Now tell me the three words." Number of words repeated after first attempt None One Two Three Not Assessed After the patient's first attempt, repeat the words using cues ( "sock, something to wear; blue, a color; bed, a piece of furniture"). You may repeat the words up to two more times. (C0300) Temporal Orientation (Orientation to year, month, and day) Ask patient: "Please tell me what year it is right now?" Ask patient: "What month are we in right now?" Ask patient: "What day of the week is today?" A) Able to report correct year B) Able to report correct month C) Able to report correct day of the week 0. Missed by > 5 years or no answer 0. Missed by > 1 month or no answer 0. Incorrect or no answer 1. Missed by 2-5 years 1. Missed by 6 days to 1 month 1. Correct 2. Missed by 1 year 2. Accurate within 5 days Not assessed/no information 3. Correct Not assessed/no information Not assessed/no information (C0400). Recall Ask patient: "Let's go back to an earlier question. What were those three words that I asked you to repeat?" If unable to remember a word, give cue (something to wear; a color; a piece of furniture) for that word." A) Able to recall "sock" B) Able to recall "blue" c) Able to recall "bed" 0. No could not recall 0. No could not recall 0. No could not recall 1. Yes, after cueing ("something to wear") 1. Yes, after cueing ("a color") 1. Yes, after cueing ("a piece of furniture") 2. Yes, no cue required 2. Yes, no cue required 2. Yes, no cue required Not assessed/no information Not assessed/no information Not assessed/no information C0500. BIMS Summary Score Add scores for questions C0200-C0400 and fill in total score (00-15) Enter 99 if the patient was unable to complete the interview Mental Status 1 Oriented 2 Comatose 3 Forgetful 4 Depressed 5 Disoriented 6 Lethargic 7 Agitated 8 Alert 9 Confused 10 Dementia 11 Assaultive 12 Delirious 13 Wanders 14 Other Describe the patient's mental status. Include general appearance, behaviors, emotional responses, mental functioning, overall social interaction as well as both clinical objective observations and subjective descriptions reported during this visit. patient is alert and oriented X 4 Has there been a sudden/acute change in their mental status? Yes No Reported by: If yes, did the change coincide with something else like medication change, fall, or loss of a loved one? No Yes Comments: (C1310) Signs and Symptoms of Delirium (from CAM©) A. Acute Onset of Mental Status Change Is there evidence of an acute change in mental status from the patient's baseline? 0. No 1. Yes B. Inattention Did the patient have difficulty focusing attention, for example, being easily distractible or having difficulty keeping track of what was being said? 0. Behavior not present 2. Behavior present, fluctuates (comes and goes, changes in severity) 1. Behavior continuously present, does not fluctuate Not assessed/no information c. Disorganized thinking Was the patient's thinking disorganized or incoherent (rambling or irrelevant conversation, unclear or illogical flow of ideas, or unpredictable switching from subject to subject)? 0. Behavior not present 2. Behavior present, fluctuates (comes and goes, changes in severity) 1. Behavior continuously present, does not fluctuate Not assessed/no information D. Altered level of consciousness Did the patient have altered level of consciousness, as indicated by any of the following criteria? vigilant startled easily to any sound or touch lethargic repeatedly dozed off when being asked questions, but responded to voice or touch stuporous very difficult to arouse and keep aroused for the interview comatose could not be arouse 0. Behavior not present 2. Behavior present, fluctuates (comes and goes, changes in severity) 1. Behavior continuously present, does not fluctuate Not assessed/no information (D0150) Patient Mood Interview (PHQ-2 to 9) Say to patient: "Over the last 2 weeks, have you been bothered by any of the following problems?" If symptom is present, enter 1 (yes) in column 1, Symptom Presence If yes in column 1, then ask the patient: "About how often have you been bothered by this?" Read and show the patient a card with the symptom frequency choices. Indicate response in column 2, Symptom Frequency 1) Symptom Presence 2) Symptom Frequency F_CTL_6973bdd1eefe1e773f0d5c6e_0 THOMPSON, JEAN I 63 I DOB: 08/16/1937 I N: 01/24/2026 10 of 25 0. No (enter 0 in column 2) 0 - Never or 1 day 1. Yes (enter 0-3 in column 2) 1 2-6 days (several days) 9. No response (leave column 2 blank) 2- 7-11 days (half or more of the days) 3 12-14 days (nearly every day) Presence Frequency A. Little interest or pleasure in doing things No X Never or 1 day B. Feeling down, depressed, or hopeless No X Never or 1 day If either D0150A2 or D0150B2 is coded 2 or 3, CONTINUE asking the questions below. If not, END the PHQ interview C. Trouble falling or staying asleep, or sleeping too much ^ ^ D. Feeling tired or having little energy ^ ^ E. Poor appetite or overeating ^ ^ F. Feeling bad about yourself or that you are a failure or have let yourself or your family ^ ^ down G. Trouble concentrating on things, such as reading the newspaper or watching ^ ^ television H. Moving or speaking so slowly that other people could have noticed. Or the opposite - ^ ^ being so fidgety or restless that you have been moving around a lot more than usual I. Thoughts that you would be better off dead, or of hurting yourself in some way ^ ^ D0160. Total Severity Score Add scores for all frequency responses in Column 2, Symptom Frequency. Total score must be between 02 0 and 27. Enter 99 if unable to complete interview (i.e., Symptom Frequency is blank for 3 or more required items) (D0700) Social Isolation How often do you feel lonely or isolated from those around you? 0. Never 4. Always 1. Rarely 7. Patient declines to respond 2. Sometimes 8. Patient unable to respond 3. Often (M1740) Cognitive, behavioral, and psychiatric symptoms that are demonstrated at least once a week (Reported or Observed): (Mark all that apply. 1. Memory deficit: failure to recognize familiar persons/places, inability to recall events of past 24 hours, significant memory loss so that supervision is required 2. Impaired decision-making: failure to perform usual ADLs or IADLs, inability to appropriately stop activities, jeopardizes safety through actions 3. Verbal disruption: yelling, threatening, excessive profanity, sexual references, etc. 4. Physical aggression: aggressive or combative to self and others (for example, hits self, throws objects, punches, dangerous maneuvers with wheelchair or other objects) 5. Disruptive, infantile, or socially inappropriate behavior (excludes verbal actions) 6. Delusional, hallucinatory, or paranoid behavior 7. None of the above behaviors demonstrated (M1745) Frequency of Disruptive Behavior Symptoms (Reported or Observed): 0. Never 3. Several times each month 1. Less than once a month 4. Several times a week 2. Once a month 5. At least daily (M1700) Cognitive Functioning Patient's current (day of assessment) level of alertness, orientation, comprehension, concentration, and immediate memory for simple commands 0. Alert/oriented, able to focus and shift attention, comprehends and recalls task directions independently. 1. Requires prompting (cuing, repetition, reminders) only under stressful or unfamiliar conditions. 2. Requires assistance and some direction in specific situations (for example, on all tasks involving shifting of attention) or consistently requires low stimulus environment due to distractibility 3. Requires considerable assistance in routine situations. Is not alert and oriented or is unable to shift attention and recall directions more than half the time. 4. Totally dependent due to disturbances such as constant disorientation, coma, persistent vegetative state, or delirium. (M1710) When Confused (Reported or Observed Within the Last 14 Days): (M1720) When Anxious (Reported or Observed Within the Last 14 Days): 0. Never 0. None of the time 1. In new or complex situations only 1. Less often than daily 2. On awakening or at night only 2. Daily, but not constantly 3. During the day and evening, but not constantly 3. All of the time 4. Constantly NA Patient nonresponsive 5. Patient nonresponsive Eyes and Ears (B1000) Vision Ability to see in adequate light (with glasses or other visual appliances) 0. Adequate - sees fine detail, such as regular print in newspapers/books 1. Impaired - sees large print, but not regular print in newspapers/books 2. Moderate impaired - limited vision; not able to see newspaper headlines but can identify objects 3. Highly impaired - object identification in question, but eyes appear to follow objects 4. Severely impaired - no vision or sees only light, colors or shapes; eyes do not appear to follow objects Vision cont. No Problems Identified Glasses Macular Degeneration Blurred Vision Glaucoma Contact Lenses: Right Left Cataracts Blindness(Specify): Others (Specify): Comments: Pupils F_CTL_6973bdd1eefe1e773f0d5c6e_0 THOMPSON, JEAN I 63 I DOB: 08/16/1937 I N: 01/24/2026 11 of 25 No Problems Identified PERRLA Anisocoria Right Left Others(Specify): Comments: (B0200) Hearing Ability to hear (with hearing aid or hearing appliances if normally used) 0. Adequate - no difficulty in normal conversation, social interaction, listening to TV 1. Minimal difficulty - difficulty in some environments (e.g., when person speaks softly, or setting is noisy) 2. Moderate difficulty - speaker has to increase volume and speak distinctly 3. Highly impaired - absence of useful hearing Hearing cont. No Problems Identified Right Hearing Impairment Left Hearing Impairment Deaf Speech Impairment (Specify): Comments: patient wears hearing aids CARDIOPULMONARY (CHEST & THORAX) Heart Sounds Normal Regular Irregular Murmur Gallops Clicks Friction Rule Comments (If Abnormal (Explain)): Edema Upper: Lower: Others: Right Extremities Left Extremities Right Extremities Left Extremities Non-pitting Comments: Capillary Refill: PT/INR: Cramps Claudication Fatigue > 3 secs < secs / Peripheral Pulses Radial: Strong/Bounding Weak Thready Absent Pedal: Strong/Bounding Weak Thready Absent Comments: Chest/Thorax Chest Pain Denies Anginal Postural Localized Substernal Sharp Dull Aching Radiating Viselike Stabbing Others (Specify): Associated with: Shortness of Breath Activity Rest Frequency/Duration: Comments: (M1400) When is the patient dyspneic or noticeably Short of Breath? 0. Patient is not short of breath 3. With minimal exertion (for example, while eating, talking, or performing other 1. When walking more than 20 feet, climbing stairs ADLs) or with agitation 2. With moderate exertion (for example, while dressing, using commode or 4. At rest (during day or night) bedpan, walking distances less than 20 feet) Respiratory Status Dyspnea: At Rest With Exertion/Activity Accessory Muscle Used Orthopnea Retraction Stridor O2 Ipm O2 Saturation % PRN Continuous Mechanical Ventilator: Intubated Tracheostomy Others (Specify): Comments: Lung Sounds Anterior: Right: Clear Left: Clear Posterior: Upper Right: Clear Upper Left: Clear Lower Right: Clear Lower Left: Clear Comments: Cough None Dry Acute Chronic Non-Productive Productive: Not Assessed/No Information Yes No Suction: Not Assessed/No Information Yes No Hemoptysis Frequency: Amount: Comments: GASTROINTESTINAL & GENITOURINARY ASSESSMENT Gastrointestinal (Mouth - Anus) Mouth and Throat F_CTL_6973bdd1eefe1e773f0d5c6e_0 THOMPSON, JEAN I 63 I DOB: 08/16/1937 I N: 01/24/2026 12 of 25 No Problems Identified Dentures: Upper Lower Partial Bleeding Gums/Gingivitis Toothache Ulcerations Lesion Dysphagia Hoarseness Sore Throat Masses/Tumors Comments: Appetite Good Fair Poor Intake: Adequate Inadequate Abnormalities: Anoxeria Cachexia Nausea Vomiting Decreased Appetite Reflux/Indigestion Diarrhea Constipation Bowel Incontinence Other (Specify): Comments: (M1870) Feeding or Eating Current ability to feed self meals and snacks safely. Note: This refers only to the process of eating, chewing, and swallowing, not preparing the food to be eaten. 0. Able to independently feed self. 1. Able to feed self independently but requires: (a) meal set-up; OR (b) intermittent assistance or supervision from another person; OR (c) a liquid, pureed or ground meat diet. 2. Unable to feed self and must be assisted or supervised throughout the meal/snack. 3. Able to take in nutrients orally and receives supplemental nutrients though a nasogastric tube or gastrostomy. 4. Unable to take in nutrients orally and is fed nutrients through a nasogastric tube or gastrostomy. 5. Unable to take in nutrients orally or by tube feeding. Feeding Cont. Formula Continuous Feeding CC: hours: Bolus: Gravity Pump CC: every hour(s): Flushing Protocol: PEG/G-Tube Placement: Placement Checked Residual Checked Amount: Comments: (K0520) Nutritional Approaches On Admission (Check All That Apply) A. Parenteral/IV feeding B. Feeding tube (e.g., nasogastric or abdominal (PEG)) C. Mechanically altered diet - require change in texture of food or liquids (e.g., pureed food, thickened liquids) D. Therapeutic diet (e.g., low salt, diabetic, low cholesterol) Z. None of the above #16 Nutritional Requirements NPO No Added Salt Low Salt Low Fat Low Cholesterol No Concentrated Sweets Controlled Regular Fluid Restriction: Carbohydrates Other: Nutritional Health Screen Score Nutritional Health Screen Score Without reason, has lost more than 10 lbs in the last 3 months 15 Does not always have enough money to buy foods need 10 Has an illness or condition that made pt change the type and/or 10 Eats alone most of the time 5 amount of food eaten Has open decubitus, ulcer, burn or wound 10 Eats fewer than 2 meals a day 10 Takes 3 or more prescribed or OTC medications a day 5 Has a tooth/mouth problem that makes it hard to eat 10 Is not always physically able to cook and/or feed self and has no 5 caregiver to assist Has 3 or more drinks of beer, liquor or wine almost every day 10 Frequently has a diarrhea or constipation 5 Total 5 Good Nutritional Status (Score 0 25) Moderate Nutritional Status (Score 25 54) High Nutritional Status (Score 55 - 100) Nutritional Status Commments: Weight No Change Weight Gain Weight Loss Abdomen Abdominal Soft/Tender Abdominal Distention Girth(cm): F_CTL_6973bdd1eefe1e773f0d5c6e_0 THOMPSON, JEAN I 63 I DOB: 08/16/1937 I N: 01/24/2026 13 of 25 Comments: abdominal area symmetric, flat, soft and non-tender (M1620) Bowel Incontinence Frequency 0. Very rarely or never has bowel incontinence 4. On a daily basis 1. Less than once weekly 5. More often than once daily 2. One to three times weekly NA Patient has ostomy for bowel elimination 3. Four to six times weekly UK Unknown (M1630) Ostomy for Bowel Elimination Does this patient have an ostomy for bowel elimination that (within the last 14 days): a) was related to an inpatient facility stay; or b) necessitated a change in medical or treatment regimen? 0. Patient does not have an ostomy for bowel elimination 1. Patient's ostomy was not related to an inpatient stay and did not necessitate change in medical or treatment regimen. 2. The ostomy was related to an inpatient stay or did necessitate change in medical or treatment regimen. Ostomy/Stoma Appearance Pinkished-Red Moist Abnormalities: Purple Black in Color Dry Gray Bad Odor Itches/Hurt Other (Specify): Bowel Sounds: Abdominal Quadrants: Right Lower Right Upper Left Lower Left Upper Last Bowel Movement: 01/24/2026 Normoactive Normoactive Normoactive Normoactive Comments: Constipation Chronic Acute Occasional Internal Hemorrhoids External Hemorrhoids Laxative/Enema Use Comments: Stool Appearance Within Normal Limits Gray Tarry Black Fresh Blood Others (Specify): Comments: Genitourinary (Genitals & Urinary) (M1600) Has this patient been treated for a Urinary Tract Infection in the past 14 days? 0. No NA Patient on prophylactic treatment 1. Yes UK Unknown (M1610) Urinary Incontinence or Urinary Catheter Presence: Patient is incontinent No incontinence or catheter (includes anuria or ostomy for urinary drainage) Day time Night time Day and Night Timed-voiding defers incontinence Occasional stress incontinence Patient requires a urinary catheter (specifically: external, indwelling, intermittent, or suprapubic) Genitourinary Assessment Within Normal Limits Abnormalities: Frequency Dysuria Urgency Anuria Nocturia Oliguria Retention Hematuria Irrigation Incontinence Diapers Used Penile Discharge Vaginal Bleeding/Discharge Others (Specify): Urine Color: Clear Transparent Pale Yellow Brownish Orange Pinkish Red Dark Yellow Blue or Green Foamy Transparent Yellow Urine Consistency: Hematuria Sediment Odorous Cloudy Urinary Catheter: External Catheter Foley Suprapubic Nephrostomy Last Catheter Change: Fr: CC: mm/dd/yyyy Comments: INTEGUMENTARY (SKIN & WOUND) (M1306) Does this patient have at least one Unhealed Pressure Ulcer/Injury at Stage 2 or Higher or designated as Unstageable? (Excludes Stage 1 pressure injuries and all healed pressure ulcers/injuries) 0. No [- Skip to M1322, Current Number of Stage 1 Pressure Injuries at SOC/ROC; Skip to M1324, Stage of Most Problematic Unhealed Pressure Ulcer/Injury that is Stageable at DC] 1. Yes (M1311) Current Number of Unhealed Pressure Ulcers/Injuries at Each Stage A1. Stage 2: Partial thickness loss of dermis presenting as a shallow open ulcer with a red or pink wound bed, without slough. May also present as an intact ^ or open/ruptured blister. Number of Stage 2 pressure ulcers B1. Stage 3: Full thickness tissue loss. Subcutaneous fat may be visible but bone, tendon, or muscle is not exposed. Slough may be present but does not < obscure the depth of tissue loss. May include undermining and tunneling. Number of Stage 3 pressure ulcers C1. Stage 4: Full thickness tissue loss with exposed bone, tendon, or muscle. Slough or eschar may be present on some parts of the wound bed. Often ^ includes undermining and tunneling. Number of Stage 4 pressure ulcers D1. Unstageable: Non-removable dressing/device: Known but not stageable due to non removable dressing/device Number of unstageable pressure > ulcers/injuries due to non-removable dressing/device F_CTL_6973bdd1eefe1e773f0d5c6e_0 THOMPSON, JEAN I 63 I DOB: 08/16/1937 I N: 01/24/2026 14 of 25 E1. Unstageable: Slough and/or eschar: Known but not stageable due to coverage of wound bed by slough and/or eschar Number of unstageable ^ pressure ulcers due to coverage of wound bed by slough and/or eschar F1. Unstageable: Deep tissue injury Number of unstageable pressure injuries presenting as deep tissue injury < (M1322) Current Number of Stage 1 Pressure Injuries: (M1324) Stage of Most Problematic Unhealed Pressure Ulcer/Injury that is Intact skin with non-blanchable redness of a localized area usually over a bony Stageable: prominence. Darkly pigmented skin may not have a visible blanching; in dark skin tones (Excludes pressure ulcer/injury that cannot be staged due to a non-removable only it may appear with persistent blue or purple hues. dressing/device, coverage of wound bed by slough and/or eschar, or deep tissue injury.) Stage 1 Pressure Injuries: 0 Stage of Most Problematic: Patient has no pressure ulcers or no stageable pressure ulcers (M1330) Does this patient have a Stasis Ulcer? 0. No [GO TO M1340] 1. Yes, patient has BOTH observable and unobservable stasis ulcers 2. Yes, patient has observable stasis ulcers ONLY 3. Yes, patient has unobservable stasis ulcers ONLY (known but not observable due to non removable dressing/device) [GO TO M1340] (M1332) Current Number of Stasis Ulcer(s) that are Observable: 1. One 3. Three 2. Two 4. Four or more (M1334) Status of Most Problematic Stasis Ulcer that is Observable 1. Fully granulating 2. Early/partial granulation 3. Not healing (M1340) Does this patient have a Surgical Wound? 0. No [GO TO N0415] 1. Yes, patient has at least one observable surgical wound 2. Surgical wound known but not observable due to non-removable dressing/device [GO TO N0415] (M1342) Status of Most Problematic Surgical Wound that is Observable 0. Newly epithelialized 1. Fully granulating 2. Early/partial granulation 3. Not healing Skin Color Within Normal Limits Pale Jaundice Cyanotic Skin Turgor: Good Fair Poor Skin Abnormalities: Dry Warm Cool Rash Ulcer Ostomy Incision Diaphoretic Others (Specify): Additional Skin Comments Patient incision site covered with ace wrap under knee brace. Norton Scale for Pressure Ulcer Risk Assessment Good (4) Fair (3) Poor (2) Very Bad (1) Physical Condition Good Fair Poor Very Bad Mental Condition Alert Apathetic Confused Stuporous Activity Ambulant Walks With Help Chairbound Bedfast Mobility Full Slightly Impaired Very Limited Immobile Incontinence None Occassional Usually Urinary Urinary and Fecal Total Score: 17 Wound Wound Worksheet Fetch Wounds From Previous Wound Note 1 YOU Wound 1 Location Size Pressure Injury Stage Left knee 0x0x0 - Type Drainage Amount Of Drainage Surgical None None Odor Color Tunneling/Undermining F_CTL_6973bdd1eefe1e773f0d5c6e_0 THOMPSON, JEAN I 63 I DOB: 08/16/1937 N: 01/24/2026 15 of 25 None - - Tunneling Location Tunneling Length (cm) Undermining Location - - - Undermining Length (cm) Surrounding Tissue Wound Base - Normal - Level Of Pain Edema Stoma - left leg non-pitting - Slough and/or Echar Slough (%) Eschar (%) - - - Granulation (%) Pink/Red (%) Necrotic (%) - - - Wound Status Wound Description Satisfaction of Return Demonstration Non-Healing - Yes Needs Additional Education Patient's Response to Wound Care Wound Care Fair No complains reported on the time of visit Patient incision site covered with ace wrap under knee brace. Onset Date 2026-01-07 SAFETY & RISK ASSESSMENT Home Safety Assessment Home Environment Architectural Barriers No fire extinguisher No emergency exit plan Medications are improperly stored Inadequate electricity / cooling I heating Rodent I insect infestation No telephone Inadequate supply of water Unsafe electrical wiring Cluttered surroundings Inadequate sanitation I plumbing Nonworking stove I refrigerator Inadequate railing Inadequate smoke detectors on all levels of home Exposed flammables Unsafe oxygen use Unsafe storage of equipments Inadequate Lighting Other: home environment is safe Type of Assistance Patient Receives other than from Home Health Agency Staff ADL(Bathing, dressing, toileting, eating/feeding, bowel) Family/Friends Provider Services Paid Caregiver Volunteer Organizations IADL (Meds, meals, house-keeping, laundry, telephone, Family/Friends Provider Services Paid Caregiver Volunteer shipping, finances) Organizations Psychosocial Support Family/Friends Provider Services Paid Caregiver Volunteer Organizations Assistance with doctors appointment, delivery of medications Family/Friends Provider Services Paid Caregiver Volunteer Organizations Management of Finances Family/Friends Provider Services Paid Caregiver Volunteer Organizations Comments: (M2102) Types and Sources of Assistance Determine the ability and willingness of non-agency caregivers (such as family members, friends, or privately paid caregivers) to provide assistance for the following activities, if assistance is needed. Excludes all care by your agency staff F. Supervision and Safety (for example, due to cognitive impairment) 0. No assistance needed - patient is independent or does not have needs in this area 1. Non-agency caregiver(s) currently provide assistance 2. Non-agency caregiver(s) need training/supportive services to provide assistance 3. Non-agency caregiver(s) are not likely to provide assistance OR it is unclear if they will provide assistance 4. Assistance needed, but no non-agency caregiver(s) available Safety Hazards Affecting Patient Stairs No running water, plumbing Inadequate lighting, heating and cooling Narrow or obstructed walkway Insect/Rodent Infestation Lack of fire safety devices No gas/electric appliance Cluttered/soiled living area No hazards identified Others: Safety Measures 1 Bleeding precautions 4 Fall precautions 7 Elevate head of bed 10 Lock w/c with transfers 2 - O₂ precautions 5 Aspiration precautions 8 24 hr. supervision 11 Infection control measures 3 - Seizure precautions 6 Siderails up 9- Clear Pathways up 12 Walker/cane 13 Sharps Precaution 14 Other: Universal precaution/911 protocol Hospitalization Risk Assessment Prior Pattern: Check all that apply F_CTL_6973bdd1eefe1e773f0d5c6e_0 THOMPSON, JEAN I 63 I DOB: 08/16/1937 I N: 01/24/2026 16 of 25 > 1 Hospitalizations or ER visits in the past 12 months History of falls Chronic conditions: Check all that apply (M1020/1022/1024) HF Chronic skin ulcers (Wound consult if indicated for any wounds) Diabetes HIV/AIDS COPD Risk factors: (Check all that apply) Discharged from hospital or skilled nursing facility Help with managing medications needed More than 2 secondary diagnoses Non-compliance with medication regimen Low socioeconomic status or financial concerns Confusion Lives alone Pressure ulcer Inadequate support network Stasis ulcer ADL assistance needed Overall Poor Status/Prognosis Home safety risks Low literacy level Dyspnea Depression Consider Therapy referral (PT, +Consider MSW referral Consider Hospice referral Consider RN referral, if not oT, ST) ordered Total number of checked boxes is: 9 Your agency may want to select a threshold score to target patients at high risk. (For example: 5 or greater risk factors may indicate that the patient is at risk for hospitalization. Note: This number is for convenience only and has not been tested or validated. The agency may modify the score based upon the needs of their patient population.) Carry out patient specific interventions as appropriate/ordered, if patient is at risk for hospitalization: (Coordinate with M2250) Referrals: SN PT oT ST MSW HHA Dietary Consultant Other: Consider implementing any of the following interventions, if patient is at risk for hospitalization: Medication Management Medication Reconciliation Assess patient's: knowledge, ability, resources and adherence Education Patient/family education Enrollment into a disease management program (Specify): Hospice/Palliative Referral Phone Monitoring Front-loading Visits Individualized Patient Emergency Care Plan Telemonitoring Care Coordination (physicians, hospitals, nursing homes ...) Fall Prevention Program Wound Care Immunizations (M1040, M1045, M1050, M1055) Influenza Pneumococcal Fall Prevention Program: Other: (M1033) Risk for Hospitalization: Which of the following signs or symptoms characterize this patient as at risk for hospitalization? (Mark all that apply.) 1. History of falls (2 or more falls - or any fall with an injury - - in the past 12 months) 2. Unintentional weight loss of a total of 10 pounds or more in the past 12 months 3. Multiple hospitalizations (2 or more) in the past 6 months 4. Multiple emergency department visits (2 or more) in the past 6 months 5. Decline in mental, emotional, or behavioral status in the past 3 months 6. Reported or observed history of difficulty complying with any medical instructions (for example, medications, diet, exercise) in the past 3 months 7. Currently taking 5 or more medications 8. Currently reports exhaustion 9. Other risk(s) not listed in 1 8 10. None of the above Additional Risk Information: Prior Hospitalization Number of times: Yes No FALL RISK ASSESSMENT TOOL MAHC 10* - FALL RISK ASSESSMENT TOOL Yes No Age 65+ Diagnosis (3 or more co-existing) Includes only documented medical diagnosis Prior history of falls within 3 months An unintentional change in position resulting in coming to rest on the ground or at a lower level Incontinence Inability to make it to the bathroom or commode in timely manner. Includes frequency, urgency, and/or nocturia. Visual impairment Includes but not limited to, macular degeneration, diabetic retinopathies, visual field loss, age related changes, decline in visual acuity, accommodation, glare tolerance, depth perception, and night vision or not wearing prescribed glasses or having the correct prescription. Impaired functional mobility May include patients who need help with IADLS or ADLS or have gait or transfer problems, arthritis, pain, fear of falling, foot problems, impaired sensation, impaired coordination or improper use of assistive devices. F_CTL_6973bdd1eefe1e773f0d5c6e_0 THOMPSON, JEAN I 63 I DOB: 08/16/1937 I N: 01/24/2026 17 of 25 Environmental hazards May include but not limited to, poor illumination, equipment tubing, inappropriate footwear, pets, hard to reach items, floor surfaces that are uneven or cluttered, or outdoor entry and exits. Poly Pharmacy (4 or more prescriptions any type) All PRESCRIPTIONS including prescriptions for OTC meds. Drugs highly associated with fall risk include but not limited to, sedatives, antidepressants, tranquilizers, narcotics, antihypertensives, cardiac meds, corticosteroids, anti-anxiety drugs, anticholinergic drugs, and hypoglycemic drugs. Pain affecting level of function Pain often affects an individual's desire or ability to move or pain can be a factor in depression or compliance with safety recommendations. Cognitive impairment Could include patients with dementia, Alzheimer's or stroke patients or patients who are confused, use poor judgment, have decreased comprehension, impulsivity, memory deficits. Consider patients ability to adhere to the plan of care. A score of 4 or more is considered at risk for falling 4 Fire Assessment for Patient with Oxygen Patient is not using oxygen Does patient have No Smoking signs posted? Yes No Are the Patient and Caregiver educated regarding this? Yes No Does patient or anyone in the home smoke with oxygen in use? Yes No Are the Patient and Caregiver educated regarding this? Yes No Are smoke detectors present and working properly? Yes No Are the Patient and Caregiver educated regarding this? Yes No Does patient have a properly functioning fire extinguisher? Yes No Are the Patient and Caregiver educated regarding this? Yes No Are oxygen cylinders stored properly? Yes No Are the Patient and Caregiver educated regarding this? Yes No Are all electrical cords near oxygen intact and free for fraying? Yes No Are the Patient and Caregiver educated regarding this? Yes No Does patient have an evacuation plan in case of fire? Yes No Are the Patient and Caregiver educated regarding this? Yes No Are all cleaning fluids and aerosols stored away from oxygen, and not used when oxygen Yes No is in use? Yes No Are the Patient and Caregiver educated regarding this? Does patient refrain from using petroleum products around oxygen? Yes No Are the Patient and Caregiver educated regarding this? Yes No Does patient only used water-based body and lip moisturizers? Yes No Are the Patient and Caregiver educated regarding this? Yes No Comments: FUNCTIONAL ASSESSMENT (SELF CARE) (GG0100) Prior Functioning: Everyday Activities: Indicate the patient's usual ability with everyday activities prior to the current illness, exacerbation, or injury. 3. Independent Patient completed the activities by him/herself, with or without an assistive device, with no assistance from a helper 2. Needed Some Help Patient needed partial assistance from another person to complete activities 1. Dependent A helper completed the activities for the patient. 8. Unknown 9. Not Applicable Independent Needed Some Help Dependent Unknown Not Applicable A. Self Care: Code the patient's need for assistance with bathing, dressing, using the toilet, or eating prior to the current illness, exacerbation, or injur B. Indoor Mobility (Ambulation): Code the patient's need for assistance with walking from room to room (with or without a device such as cane, crutch or walker) prior to the current illness, exacerbation, or injury. C. Stairs: Code the patient's need for assistance with internal or external stairs (with or without a device such as cane, crutch, or walker) prior to the current illness, exacerbation or injury. D. Functional Cognition: Code the patient's need for assistance with planning regular tasks, such as shopping or remembering to take medication prior to the current illness, exacerbation, or injury. (GG0110) Prior Device Use Indicate devices and aids used by the patient prior to the current illness, exacerbation, or injury (Check all that apply) A. Manual wheelchair D. Walker B. Motorized wheelchair and/or scooter E. Orthotics/Prosthetics C. Mechanical lift Z. None of the above (GG0130) Self Care (GG0130) SOC/ROC Performance Code the patient's usual performance at SOC/ROC for each activity using the 6-point scale. If activity was not attempted at SOC/ROC, code the reason. Safety and Quality of Performance - If helper assistance is required because patient's performance is unsafe or of poor quality, score according to amount of assistance provided. Activities may be completed with or without assistive devices. 06. Independent Patient completes the activity by him/herself with no assistance from a helper. 05. Setup or clean-up assistance Helper sets up or cleans up; patient completes activity. Helper assists only prior to or following the activity. 04. Supervision or touching assistance Helper provides verbal cues and/or touching/steadying and/or contact guard assistance as patient completes activity. Assistance may be provided throughout the activity or intermittently. 03. Partial/moderate assistance Helper does LESS THAN HALF the effort. Helper lifts, holds or supports trunk or limbs, but provides less than half the effort. 02. Substantial/maximal assistance Helper does MORE THAN HALF the effort. Helper lifts or holds trunk or limbs and provides more than half the effort. 01. Dependent - Helper does ALL of the effort. Patient does none of the effort to complete the activity. Or, the assistance of 2 or more helpers is required for the patient to complete the activity. If activity was not attempted, code reason: 07. Patient refused 09. Not applicable Not attempted and the patient did not perform this activity prior to the current illness, exacerbation or injury. 10. Not attempted due to environmental limitations (e.g., lack of equipment, weather constraints) 88. Not attempted due to medical conditions or safety concerns A. Eating B. Oral Hygiene C. Toileting E. Shower F. Upper G. Lower H. Putting on Hygiene /bathe self body dressing body dressing /taking off footwear (06) Independent (05) Setup or clean-up assistance F_CTL_6973bdd1eefe1e773f0d5c6e_0 THOMPSON, JEAN 63 I DOB: 08/16/1937 I N: 01/24/2026 18 of 25 (04) Supervision or touching assistance (03) Partial/moderate assistance (02) Substantial/maximal assistance (01) Dependent (07) Patient refused (09) Not applicable (10) Not attempted due to environmental limitations (88) Not attempted due to medical conditions or safety concerns (-) Not assessed/no information (M1800) Grooming Current ability to tend safely to personal hygiene needs (specifically: washing face and hands, hair care, shaving or make up, teeth or denture care, or fingernail care) 0. Able to groom self unaided, with or without the use of assistive devices or adapted methods. 1. Grooming utensils must be placed within reach before able to complete grooming activities. 2. Someone must assist the patient to groom self. 3. Patient depends entirely upon someone else for grooming needs (M1810) Ability to Dress Upper Body Current Ability to Dress Upper Body safely (with or without dressing aids) including undergarments, pullovers, front-opening shirts and blouses, managing zippers, buttons, and snaps: 0. Able to get clothes out of closets and drawers, put them on and remove them from the upper body without assistance. 1. Able to dress upper body without assistance if clothing is laid out or handed to the patient. 2. Someone must help the patient put on upper body clothing. 3. Patient depends entirely upon another person to dress the upper body. (M1820) Ability to Dress Lower Body Current Ability to Dress Lower Body safely (with or without dressing aids) including undergarments, slacks, socks or nylons, shoes: 0. Able to obtain, put on, and remove clothing and shoes without assistance. 1. Able to dress lower body without assistance if clothing and shoes are laid out or handed to the patient. 2. Someone must help the patient put on undergarments, slacks, socks or nylons, and shoes. 3. Patient depends entirely upon another person to dress lower body. (M1830) Bathing Current ability to wash entire body safely. Excludes grooming (washing face, washing hands, and shampooing hair). 0. Able to bathe self in shower or tub independently, including getting in and out of tub/shower. 1. With the use of devices, is able to bathe self in shower or tub independently, including getting in and out of the tub/shower. 2. Able to bathe in shower or tub with the intermittent assistance of another person: (a) for intermittent supervision or encouragement or reminders, OR (b) to get in and out of the shower or tub, OR (c) for washing difficult to reach areas. 3. Able to participate in bathing self in shower or tub, but requires presence of another person throughout the bath for assistance or supervision. 4. Unable to use the shower or tub, but able to bathe self independently with or without the use of devices at the sink, in chair, or on commode. 5. Unable to use the shower or tub, but able to participate in bathing self in bed, at the sink, in bedside chair, or on commode, with the assistance or supervision of another person 6. Unable to participate effectively in bathing and is bathed totally by another person. (M1840) Toilet Transferring Current ability to get to and from the toilet or bedside commode safely and transfer on and off toilet/commode 0. Able to get to and from the toilet and transfer independently with or without a device 1. When reminded, assisted, or supervised by another person, able to get to and from the toilet and transfer. 2. Unable to get to and from the toilet but is able to use a bedside commode (with or without assistance). 3. Unable to get to and from the toilet or bedside commode but is able to use a bedpan/urinal independently 4. Is totally dependent in toileting. (M1845) Toileting Hygiene Current ability to maintain perineal hygiene safely, adjust clothes and/or incontinence pads before and after using toilet, commode, bedpan, urinal. If managing ostomy, includes cleaning area around stoma, but not managing equipment. 0. Able to manage toileting hygiene and clothing management without assistance. 1. Able to manage toileting hygiene and clothing management without assistance if supplies/implements are laid out for the patient. 2. Someone must help the patient to maintain toileting hygiene and/or adjust clothing. 3. Patient depends entirely upon another person to maintain toileting hygiene (M1850) Transferring Current ability to move safely from bed to chair, or ability to turn and position self in bed if patient is bedfast 0. Able to independently transfer. 1. Able to transfer with minimal human assistance or with use of an assistive device. 2. Able to bear weight and pivot during the transfer process but unable to transfer self. 3. Unable to transfer self and is unable to bear weight or pivot when transferred by another person 4. Bedfast, unable to transfer but is able to turn and position self in bed. 5. Bedfast, unable to transfer and is unable to turn and position self (M1860) Ambulation/Locomotion Current ability to walk safely, once in a standing position, or use a wheelchair, once in a seated position, on a variety of surfaces. 0. Able to independently walk on even and uneven surfaces and negotiate stairs with or without railings (specifically: needs no human assistance or assistive device). 1. With the use of a one-handed device (for example, cane, single crutch, hemi-walker), able to independently walk on even and uneven surfaces and negotiate stairs with or without railings. 2. Requires use of a two-handed device (for example, walker or crutches) to walk alone on a level surface and/or requires human supervision or assistance to negotiate stairs or steps or uneven surfaces. 3. Able to walk only with the supervision or assistance of another person at all times. 4. Chairfast, unable to ambulate but is able to wheel self independently. 5. Chairfast, unable to ambulate and is unable to wheel self 6. Bedfast, unable to ambulate or be up in a chair. FUNCTIONAL ASSESSMENT (MOBILITY & MUSCULOSKELETAL) (GG0170) Mobility (GG0170A) A. Roll left and right: The ability to roll from lying on back to left and right side, and return to lying on back on the bed. SOC/ROC Performance 06. Independent 07. Patient refused 05. Setup or clean-up assistance 09. Not applicable 04. Supervision or touching assistance 10. Not attempted due to environmental limitations F_CTL_6973bdd1eefe1e773f0d5c6e_0 THOMPSON, JEAN I 63 | DOB: 08/16/1937 I N: 01/24/2026 19 of 25 03. Partial/moderate assistance 88. Not attempted due to medical conditions or safety concerns 02. Substantial/maximal assistance (-) Not assessed/no information 01. Dependent (GG0170B) B. Sit to lying: The ability to move from sitting on side of bed to lying flat on the bed. SOC/ROC Performance 06. Independent 07. Patient refused 05. Setup or clean-up assistance 09. Not applicable 04. Supervision or touching assistance 10. Not attempted due to environmental limitations 03. Partial/moderate assistance 88. Not attempted due to medical conditions or safety concerns 02. Substantial/maximal assistance (-) Not assessed/no information 01. Dependent (GG0170C) C. Lying to sitting on side of bed: The ability to move from lying on the back to sitting on the side of the bed with feet flat on the floor, and with no back support. SOC/ROC Performance 06. Independent 07. Patient refused 05. Setup or clean-up assistance 09. Not applicable 04. Supervision or touching assistance 10. Not attempted due to environmental limitations 03. Partial/moderate assistance 88. Not attempted due to medical conditions or safety concerns 02. Substantial/maximal assistance (-) Not assessed/no information 01. Dependent (GG0170D) D. Sit to stand: The ability to come to a standing position from sitting in a chair, wheelchair, or on the side of the bed. SOC/ROC Performance 06. Independent 07. Patient refused 05. Setup or clean-up assistance 09. Not applicable 04. Supervision or touching assistance 10. Not attempted due to environmental limitations 03. Partial/moderate assistance 88. Not attempted due to medical conditions or safety concerns 02. Substantial/maximal assistance (-) Not assessed/no information 01. Dependent (GG0170E) E. Chair/bed-to-chair transfer: The ability to transfer to and from a bed to a chair (or wheelchair). SOC/ROC Performance 06. Independent 07. Patient refused 05. Setup or clean-up assistance 09. Not applicable 04. Supervision or touching assistance 10. Not attempted due to environmental limitations 03. Partial/moderate assistance 88. Not attempted due to medical conditions or safety concerns 02. Substantial/maximal assistance (-) Not assessed/no information 01. Dependent (GG0170F) F. Toilet transfer: The ability to get on and off a toilet or commode. SOC/ROC Performance 06. Independent 07. Patient refused 05. Setup or clean-up assistance 09. Not applicable 04. Supervision or touching assistance 10. Not attempted due to environmental limitations 03. Partial/moderate assistance 88. Not attempted due to medical conditions or safety concerns 02. Substantial/maximal assistance (-) Not assessed/no information 01. Dependent (GG0170G) G. Car transfer: The ability to transfer in and out of a car or van on the passenger side. Does not include the ability to open/close door or fasten seat belt. SOC/ROC Performance 06. Independent 07. Patient refused 05. Setup or clean-up assistance 09. Not applicable 04. Supervision or touching assistance 10. Not attempted due to environmental limitations 03. Partial/moderate assistance 88. Not attempted due to medical conditions or safety concerns 02. Substantial/maximal assistance (-) Not assessed/no information 01. Dependent (GG0170I) I. Walk 10 feet: Once standing, the ability to walk at least 10 feet in a room, corridor, or similar space. If SOC/ROC performance is coded 07, 09, 10 or 88, skip to GG0170M, 1 step (curb) SOC/ROC Performance 06. Independent 07. Patient refused 05. Setup or clean-up assistance 09. Not applicable 04. Supervision or touching assistance 10. Not attempted due to environmental limitations 03. Partial/moderate assistance 88. Not attempted due to medical conditions or safety concerns 02. Substantial/maximal assistance (-) Not assessed/no information 01. Dependent (GG0170J) J. Walk 50 feet with two turns: Once standing, the ability to walk 50 feet and make two turns. SOC/ROC Performance 06. Independent 07. Patient refused 05. Setup or clean-up assistance 09. Not applicable 04. Supervision or touching assistance 10. Not attempted due to environmental limitations 03. Partial/moderate assistance 88. Not attempted due to medical conditions or safety concerns 02. Substantial/maximal assistance (-) Not assessed/no information 01. Dependent (GG0170K) K. Walk 150 feet: Once standing, the ability to walk at least 150 feet in a corridor or similar space. SOC/ROC Performance 06. Independent 07. Patient refused 05. Setup or clean-up assistance 09. Not applicable 04. Supervision or touching assistance 10. Not attempted due to environmental limitations 03. Partial/moderate assistance 88. Not attempted due to medical conditions or safety concerns 02. Substantial/maximal assistance (-) Not assessed/no information 01. Dependent (GG0170L) L. Walking 10 feet on uneven surfaces: The ability to walk 10 feet on uneven or sloping surfaces (indoor or outdoor), such as turf or gravel. SOC/ROC Performance 06. Independent 07. Patient refused 05. Setup or clean-up assistance 09. Not applicable 04. Supervision or touching assistance 10. Not attempted due to environmental limitations 03. Partial/moderate assistance 88. Not attempted due to medical conditions or safety concerns 02. Substantial/maximal assistance (-) Not assessed/no information 01. Dependent (GG0170M) M. 1 step (curb): The ability to go up and down a curb and/or up and down one step. If SOC/ROC performance is coded 07, 09, 10 or 88, skip to GG0170P, Picking up object. SOC/ROC Performance 06. Independent 07. Patient refused F_CTL_6973bdd1eefe1e773f0d5c6e_0 THOMPSON, JEAN 63 I DOB: 08/16/1937 N: 01/24/2026 20 of 25 05. Setup or clean-up assistance 09. Not applicable 04. Supervision or touching assistance 10. Not attempted due to environmental limitations 03. Partial/moderate assistance 88. Not attempted due to medical conditions or safety concerns 02. Substantial/maximal assistance (-) Not assessed/no information 01. Dependent (GG0170N) N. 4 steps: The ability to go up and down four steps with or without a rail. If SOC/ROC performance is coded 07, 09, 10 or 88, skip to GG0170P, Picking up object. SOC/ROC Performance 06. Independent 07. Patient refused 05. Setup or clean-up assistance 09. Not applicable 04. Supervision or touching assistance 10. Not attempted due to environmental limitations 03. Partial/moderate assistance 88. Not attempted due to medical conditions or safety concerns 02. Substantial/maximal assistance (-) Not assessed/no information 01. Dependent (GG0170O) O. 12 steps: The ability to go up and down 12 steps with or without a rail. SOC/ROC Performance 06. Independent 07. Patient refused 05. Setup or clean-up assistance 09. Not applicable 04. Supervision or touching assistance 10. Not attempted due to environmental limitations 03. Partial/moderate assistance 88. Not attempted due to medical conditions or safety concerns 02. Substantial/maximal assistance (-) Not assessed/no information 01. Dependent (GG0170P) P. Picking up object: The ability to bend/stoop from a standing position to pick up a small object, such as a spoon, from the floor. SOC/ROC Performance 06. Independent 07. Patient refused 05. Setup or clean-up assistance 09. Not applicable 04. Supervision or touching assistance 10. Not attempted due to environmental limitations 03. Partial/moderate assistance 88. Not attempted due to medical conditions or safety concerns 02. Substantial/maximal assistance (-) Not assessed/no information 01. Dependent (GG0170Q) Q. Does patient use a wheelchair and/or scooter? 0. No [GOTO M1600] 1. Yes Not assessed (no information) (GG0170R) R. Wheel 50 feet with two turns: Once seated in wheelchair/scooter, the ability to wheel at least 50 feet and make two turns. SOC/ROC Performance 06. Independent 07. Patient refused 05. Setup or clean-up assistance 09. Not applicable 04. Supervision or touching assistance 10. Not attempted due to environmental limitations 03. Partial/moderate assistance 88. Not attempted due to medical conditions or safety concerns 02. Substantial/maximal assistance (-) Not assessed/no information 01. Dependent (GG0170RR) RR1. Indicate the type of wheelchair or scooter used. SOC/ROC Performance 1. Manual 2. Motorized Not assessed (no information) (GG0170S) S. Wheel 150 feet: Once seated in wheelchair/scooter, the ability to wheel at least 150 feet in a corridor or similar space. SOC/ROC Performance 06. Independent 07. Patient refused 05. Setup or clean-up assistance 09. Not applicable 04. Supervision or touching assistance 10. Not attempted due to environmental limitations 03. Partial/moderate assistance 88. Not attempted due to medical conditions or safety concerns 02. Substantial/maximal assistance (-) Not assessed/no information 01. Dependent (GG0170SS) SS1. Indicate the type of wheelchair or scooter used. SOC/ROC Performance 1. Manual 2. Motorized Not assessed (no information) Gait and Mobility Abnormalities No Problems Identified Weakness Poor Balance Bed Bound Chair Bound Joint Stiffness Shuffling/Wide-based Gait Orthopedic Aftercare High Risk for Falls Weight Bearing Restriction Poor Conditioning Fracture: left knee Joints Pain: Amputation: Atrophy: Paresthesia: Contractures: Site Foot Drop: Right Left Fall(s) since last visit (Specify): Weakness (Specify): Change in ADL (Explain): Comments: Range of Motion Limited Range of Motion: RUE RLE LUE LLE Quadriplegia Hemiplegia Paraplegia Comments: F_CTL_6973bdd1eefe1e773f0d5c6e_0 THOMPSON, JEAN 63 I DOB: 08/16/1937 N: 01/24/2026 21 of 25 Grip Strength Normal Strong Weak Equal Unequal Bilateral Right Left Others (Specify): Grasp Strength Normal Strong Weak Equal Unequal Comments: DME and Supplies DME Lookup Durable Medical Equipment: Bath bench, Walker #18B ACTIVITIES PERMITTED 1- Complete bedrest 5 - Exercises prescribed A Wheelchair 2- Bedrest/BRP 6 - Partial weight bearing B - Walker 3 - Up as tolerated 7- Independent in home C - No restrictions 4 - Transfer bed/chair 8 - Crutches D - Other (specify) 9 - Cane ENDOCRINE (DIABETIC MANAGEMENT) Endocrine Is patient diabetic? Yes No Insulin dependent? Yes No How Long? Is patient independently able to draw up correct dose of insulin? Yes No N/A Is patient able to administer own insulin? Yes No N/A Is patient taking oral hypoglycemic agent? Yes No N/A Is patient independent with glucometer use? Yes No N/A Is caregiver able to draw up and administer insulin? Yes No N/A Is caregiver independent with glucometer use? Yes No N/A Does patient or caregiver routinely perform inspection of the patient's lower extremities? Yes No N/A Diabetic Management Diet Hypoglycemic Exercise Insulin Insulin Administered By: N/A Caregivier Patient Skilled Nurse S&S of Hyperglycemia S&S of Hypoglycemia Polyuria Polyphagia Polydipsia Blurred Vision Fatigue Perspiration Dizziness Irritability Pale Shakiness Others (Specify): Others (Specify): Blood glucose range: Low to High (mg/dL): Comments: Patient does not take blood glucose test daily has HgbA1C 5.4% PLAN OF CARE AND SKILLED INTERVENTIONS Plan of Care Orders Orders and Treatment (Specify Frequency, Duration and Purpose of Visits): $484.60 (2.iv) SN Frequency: 1x/wk X 9wks MSW Frequency: PT Frequency: For evaluation and oT Frequency: treatment effective on week of 1/25/2026 HHA Frequency: 1x/wk X 9wks effective ST Frequency Dietitian Frequency: on week of 1/25/2026 ***MD SIGNATURE COVERS ALL PAGES*** ADMIT PATIENT TO STAR HOME HEALTH CARE INC. ALL DIAGNOSIS AND MEDICATIONS VERIFIED WITH THE PRIMARY CARE PHYSICIAN. Patient is an 88-year-old female with a medical history significant for atrial fibrillation on Eliquis, hypertension, diabetes mellitus, hyperlipidemia, and GERD, who sustained a left patella fracture following a mechanical ground-level fall. She underwent open reduction and internal fixation (ORIF) of the left patella on 1/7/2026. The patient was evaluated by therapy and found to be below her functional baseline, requiring admission to acute inpatient rehabilitation. She now requires skilled home health services for post-operative care, pain management, monitoring of surgical dressing, rehabilitation support, including physical therapy for safe ambulation and mobility while adhering to weight-bearing and brace precautions. FREQUENCY AND DURATION: HH SN: 1 time per week for 9 weeks for skilled observation and assessment, medication review and reconciliation, pain management, infection control measures, diet, home safety, fall prevention, and disease process education. HH PT: Evaluation and treatment for mobility, gait, transfer, establish therapeutic exercise, strengthening, and fall prevention techniques training effective on week of 1/25/2026. HH Aide: 1 time per week for 9 weeks for ADLs or personal care assistance effective on week of 1/25/2026. WOUND CARE ORDER: Surgical wound at left knee: With non-removable dressing. Keep surgical wound dressing clean, dry, and intact until the next MD appointment at 1/29/2026. Interventions: -SN to assess integumentary, musculoskeletal, respiratory, gastrointestinal, genitourinary, endocrine, cardiovascular, and neurological status every visit. -SN to instruct patient/primary caregiver on the disease process, including untoward signs and symptoms, medications, including dose, frequency, action and side effects, diet as ordered by PMD, and importance of compliance, adequate fluid intake, energy conservation, universal and safety precautions, infection control measures, and 911 protocol. -SN to check VS every visit and report to PMD the following parameters: SBP>160 or <90 and DBP >90 or <60 and Pulse >100 or <60, Respiration >22 or <12, Temperature >101 or <96. -SN to check O2 saturation PRN every visit for any shortness of breath on exertion, fatigue/weakness. F_CTL_6973bdd1eefe1e773f0d5c6e_0 THOMPSON, JEAN I 63 I DOB: 08/16/1937 I N: 01/24/2026 22 of 25 Teachings/Interventions Skilled Intervention Assessment/Instruction/Performance: Explained Home Health service to patient/family/caregiver(s). Explained consent to care, release of liability, and patient rights & responsibilities. Consent to care, a liability release, and consent to photograph were signed by the patient/responsible party. A comprehensive assessment of all body systems with OASIS elements evaluation was initiated. Reconciled facility discharge medications against routine home prescriptions without issue. Discussed advance directives, privacy policy, COVID-19 prevention, 911 protocols, basic home safety and fall prevention principles with patient/family/caregiver(s). Discussed plan of care draft with patient and explained what to expect in the next visits and the remainder of the care episode. Also explained that the initial discussion on the management of other disease processes will be done on the next visit. Assessed surgical incision. Instructed Patient/Caregiver to notify SN/MD for signs/symptoms of wound infection such as fever, chills, and purulent wound drainage with foul odor. Instructed Patient/Caregiver to keep surgical incision clean, dry, and intact. Instructed Patient/Caregiver not to take tub baths, pools, or spas for 6 weeks after surgery but may shower 10 days after surgery. Instructed Patient/Caregiver on diet high in Vitamin, C, E, and protein to promote wound healing. Instructed Patient/Caregiver on infection control techniques which includes proper handwashing, use of gloves, and proper handling and disposal of waste. Instructed patient to adhere and take pain medication before pain becomes severe to achieve pain control. Provided teachings on nonpharmacologic pain relief measures such as rest, relaxation techniques, deep breathing exercises, and positioning. Instructed patient/PCG to notify SN/MD if patient is experiencing pain level greater than 7/10, unable to tolerate pain, and if pain is affecting ability to perform normal activities/ADLs. Patient was educated on weight-bearing precautions and proper use of the hinged knee brace, including locking the brace in extension during ambulation and allowable range of motion (0-60 degrees) for closed-chain activities as ordered. Education provided on pain management strategies, swelling control (elevation above heart level and ice 20 minutes on/20 minutes off) as given instructions by doctor. fall prevention, and signs/symptoms of complications to report, including increased pain, swelling, bleeding, or signs of infection. Patient was instructed not to change the operative dressing unless saturated. Patient and family demonstrated understanding of instructions provided, including brace use orders, weight-bearing precautions, and swelling management strategies. Patient and the family were able to verbalize pain management techniques and safety measures. Continued skilled nursing and therapy services are required to monitor surgical recovery, provide education, and help to try and improve functional mobility. Response to Teaching/Interventions Verbalized Understanding Patient (%): 50 Caregiver (%): 50 Return Demonstration Patient (%): Caregiver (%): Require Further Teaching Patient Caregiver Comments: The patient verbalized 50% of understanding of the disease process taught during this visit. Patient able to teach back 2 out of 4 non-pharmacologic pain management measures and fall prevention techniques. CG verbalized 50% understanding and is available to assist the patient for safety with ADLs/IADLs, medication, and diet compliance for the patient. The patient and caregiver are calm, relaxed, and comfortable at the end of the visit. Instructions during visit Assess/Observe Injection Administration Catheter change IV Therapy Wound Care Teaching/Instructions Patient Strength Motivated Learner Strong Support System Absence of Multiple Diagnosis Enhanced Socioeconomic Status Other: Conclusions Skilled Intervention Needed Skilled Instruction Needed No Skilled Service Needed Other: Rehabilitation Potential Rehabilitation potential is poor Rehabilitation potential is good Rehabilitation potential is fair Rehabilitation potential is excellent Others: Conference With MD SN PT oT ST MSW HHA DON/DOPCS Clinical Coordinator Clinical Manager Name: Regarding: Start of care, Plan of care, visit frequencies, and update of patient health condition. Physician Contacted Re: Patient's admission to Star HH, updated health condition, and visit frequencies. Order Changes: Nne Plan for Next Visit: Will continue to assess and evaluate the level of pain, patient understanding of the disease process, functional status, knowledge of self-care management, and overall patient health condition and reinforce teachings on the next visit. Next Physician Visit: 01/29/2026 Patient and caregiver education and training to facilitate timely discharge: $484.60 (2.xiii) Discharge Plans Discharge when caregiver willing and able to manage all aspects of patient's care. Discharge when patient is independent in management of medical needs. Discharge to care of physician. When goals are met. Discharge when reliable caregiver available to assist with patient's medical needs. Discharge when goals met. Discharge when wound(s) healed. Written notice of discharge provided to patient Discharge scheduled for: mm/dd/yyyy 0 Discharge Plan Discussed with: Patient/Family Care Manager Physician Other (specify): Discharge Plan: F_CTL_6973bdd1eefe1e773f0d5c6e_0 THOMPSON, JEAN I 63 I DOB: 08/16/1937 I N: 01/24/2026 23 of 25 To self-care when goals met To self care when max potential achieved To outpatient therapy with MD approval Others (Specify): Comments: PATIENT SUMMARY & CLINICAL NARRATIVE Summary The patient is an 88-year-old female referred for home health services on January 23, 2026, with start of care on January 24, 2026, under the direction of Dr. Alexander Morales. Assessment was completed by a registered nurse on the same date following discharge from an inpatient rehabilitation facility after surgical intervention. She underwent open reduction and internal fixation of the left patella on January 7, 2026, related to a healing fracture of the left patella (S82.002D). Comorbidities include hypertensive heart disease with heart failure (I11.0), unspecified heart failure (150.9), atrial fibrillation (148.91), type 2 diabetes mellitus without complications (E11.9), and hyperlipidemia (E78.5). Vital signs at assessment were temperature 97.6°F, blood pressure 114/73 mmHg, pulse 70 beats per minute, and respiratory rate 16 breaths per minute. The patient is homebound due to recent orthopedic surgery, pain, and generalized weakness, which make leaving the residence medically inadvisable and physically taxing. Ambulation requires the use of a walker, and she needs frequent rest periods with activity. She requires assistance with grooming and dressing, supervision or assistance with bathing and toileting hygiene, and minimal assistance with transfers. She is independent with eating and oral hygiene. Stair negotiation requires assistance. Integumentary assessment revealed a surgical site covered with a non-removable dressing. Cardiopulmonary and gastrointestinal assessments were without acute concerns. The patient was alert and oriented, able to understand and follow instructions, with no noted confusion, anxiety, or depressive symptoms. She resides with family who provide support with daily care needs. She takes five or more medications, including anticoagulants and hypoglycemic agents, which place her at increased risk for adverse reactions and complications given her cardiac history and diabetes. Skilled nursing services are medically necessary to support post-surgical recovery, reinforce medication regimen adherence, provide wound care oversight, and assist in improving functional mobility and safety within the home environment. CARE PLAN (PROBLEMS / / INTERVENTIONS) Patient Care Plan I Goals I Interventions: Problem: Fall Goals: Target Completion: 60 Day(s) Term: Short-term Status: Unmet The patient will be free from falls/injury during the episode. Interventions: Assigned Staff: SN Skilled nurse will assess home safety every visit. Progress Toward Goals: No Progress Yet Problem: Vital Signs Assessment Goals: Target Completion: 9 Week(s) Term: Short-term Status: Unmet Patient's vital signs will be within normal limits. Interventions: Assigned Staff: SN Check VS every visit and report to PMD if patient vitals are not within the parameters. Progress Toward Goals: No Progress Yet Check O2 saturation every visit for any shortness of breath on exertion, fatigue/weakness. Progress Toward Goals: No Progress Yet Problem: Fracture of left patella with routine healing Goals: Target Completion: 97 Term: Long-term Status: Unmet Achieve full range of motion in the left knee Interventions: Assigned Staff: SN Assess and document progress towards mobility goals during therapy sessions. Progress Toward Goals: Date: 2026-03-24 Source: OASIS-OASIS-OASIS E1 DISCHARGE Education Status: Educated Patient, Caregiver Response Complete Understanding, Needs Re-education Progress: Patient made significant improvement in left knee PROM and AROM within the leg immobilizer Goals: Target Completion: 9 7 Term: Long-term Status: Unmet Manage pain levels effectively during the healing process Interventions: Assigned Staff: SN Assess pain levels and administer prescribed pain medications as needed. Progress Toward Goals: No Progress Yet Coordinate with the physician for adjustments in pain management regimen if necessary. Progress Toward Goals: No Progress Yet Provide emotional support and reassurance to the patient and family regarding pain management. Progress Toward Goals: No Progress Yet Problem: Hypertensive heart disease Goals: Target Completion: 97 Term: Long-term Status: Unmet Maintain blood pressure within target range Interventions: Assigned Staff: SN Assess and observe blood pressure daily and report significant changes. Progress Toward Goals: No Progress Yet Assist in medication management to ensure compliance. Progress Toward Goals: No Progress Yet Problem: Heart failure Goals: Target Completion: 97 Term: Long-term Status: Unmet Reduce symptoms of heart failure and improve quality of life Interventions: Assigned Staff: SN Educate patient and family on recognizing signs of worsening heart failure. Progress Toward Goals: No Progress Yet Implement a daily weight monitoring program to detect fluid retention early. Progress Toward Goals: No Progress Yet Problem: Atrial fibrillation Goals: Target Completion: 97 Term: Long-term Status: Unmet Prevent complications associated with atrial fibrillation Interventions: Assigned Staff: SN Assess and observe heart rate and rhythm regularly. Progress Toward Goals: No Progress Yet Educate patient and family about anticoagulation therapy and its importance. Progress Toward Goals: No Progress Yet Assist in coordinating follow-up appointments with cardiology. F_CTL_6973bdd1eefe1e773f0d5c6e_0 THOMPSON, JEAN 63 I DOB: 08/16/1937 I N: 01/24/2026 24 of 25 Progress Toward Goals: No Progress Yet Problem: Type 2 diabetes mellitus Goals: Target Completion: 97 Term: Long-term Status: Unmet Achieve and maintain optimal blood glucose levels Interventions: Assigned Staff: SN Educate patient and family on blood glucose monitoring techniques. Progress Toward Goals: No Progress Yet Assist with medication management and adherence strategies. Progress Toward Goals: No Progress Yet Problem: Hyperlipidemia Goals: Target Completion: 97 Term: Long-term Status: Unmet Achieve target lipid levels Interventions: Assigned Staff: SN Assess and observe lipid levels regularly through blood tests. Progress Toward Goals: No Progress Yet Assist in medication management, particularly statin therapy. Progress Toward Goals: No Progress Yet Problem: Rehospitalization Risk and Medication Management Goals: Target Completion: 9 Week(s) Term: Long-term Status: Unmet Patient will be free from side effects and adverse medication reactions during the entire episode. Patient/Caregiver will demonstrate medication safety and compliance. Patients will have no re- hospitalizations. Interventions: Assigned Staff: SN Identify Medication Interactions and evaluate patient/family/caregiver(s) understanding of medication compliance. Progress Toward Goals: No Progress Yet Problem: Bleeding Precautions Goals: Target Completion: 9 Week(s) Term: Long-term Status: Unmet Patient/PCG will demonstrate proper bleeding precaution. Interventions: Assigned Staff: SN Teach patient and PCG on bleeding precautions such as: Avoid any head, chest or abdominal trauma, to avoid any falls, to avoid sharp objects such as razor, scissors, and nail clippers. Blow nose gently and avoid forceful blowing of the nose. Avoid straining for bowel movements. Avoid tight clothing such as girdles and tight undergarments or pants. Progress Toward Goals: No Progress Yet Ongoing Care Plans within OASIS date (01/24/2026): Assigned Staff: Townsend, Lakendra RN Electronically Signed by Townsend, Lakendra RN 01/24/2026 F_CTL_6973bdd1eefe1e773f0d5c6e_0 THOMPSON, JEAN I 63 I DOB: 08/16/1937 I N: 01/24/2026 25 of 25
